 :-) hi hi asl 19 m fox valley 14 f wi do u want me to cum? y u askin me cause your watchin my cam thats big ty so where in wi are u the falls where r u near appleton how far is that what falls are u by menomonee bout 1 and a half hours do u want me to cum yet i dunno this would be much funner doing this for u in person oh u r cute ty ever have a guy masterbate for u in person no what all have u done had sex played some i had a bf like what things... i dunno did he make u cum or did u make him cum ya he cumed u gave him a hand or blow job? i played with him cool y r u asking just makin conversation sorry ok well i would masterbate for u in person anytime ya? sure when wud u want to do that do u have a car yes anytime i work in milwaukee kewl thats close wut time do u work i get done at 3 i get out of school at 2:30 where should we meet i dunno my mom isnt home u mean in the afternoon 2morow night can i call u first ya u can right now if u want ok kewl wanna help me cum over the phone i have to find the phone wuts ur number 920-420-6989 wuts ur name chris ok 1 sec i have to sign off...can i add u first k u cant watch while u call i have to sign off to call k sorry stiupid phone its ok so what ya gonna do while u watch in person tomorrow i dunno wut u want me to do whatever u want what do u wanna do i dunno u r the guy will i get to see your boobs? uumm *giggle* ok u r cute wut time u tell me the earlier the better 6 would be good k so what size are your boobs? 34 b c mmm pink or brown nipples hehe i dunno look and see u can see tomorow shaved? no do u ever masterbate no has a guy ever made u cum i dunno i think so it felt kinda good with tongue or finger both i bet u taste totally yummy finger most tho hehe ready for me to cum now i guess k wow so call me tomorrow by 3 to let me know for sure if we are meeting. k? u can come on over ay 6 at i would rather pick u up just in case someone comes home that would be bad mom is gone for a couple days just me and her where am i coming to my house address silly giggle ok *edited out* and your name is jerri ya k i will call u at 3 neway cool to make sure think u will be nervous tomorrow 6 right? yep hehe ya u should answer the door topless hehe i dunno k maybe a button down shirt unbuttoned no bra k sweet i gotta go now kk talk wit u tomorow ? talk to u tomorrow night night*+*0:0*+*2*+*[0.565377532228361, 0.43462246777163904]*+*1*+*