 hi hi asl 32 m ocean county how r u? 13/f/nj i'm okay having a nice day? it's okay i'm bored me too just got my hair cut sucks to be us yea cooll how's it look cool how was ur week in school? was okay i cut a few days cos my mom went to vegas ;) nice and ur home alone? yeah my mom and dad split up that's why we movedhere sry where u live? 732 ok got big plans? no u? me neither like older guys? i like guys who r nice r u nic? nice do u have a pic? yes i am yes i do then it doesn't matter howold u r, right? as logn as ur nice no it doesn't like to see a pic of me? totally hope u like it u're cute ty u have a pic? yeah in my profile what town do u live in? toms river u? do u know where brick is? bricktown? yes i do so i'm michelle i'm mike hi mike did u see my pics? nice to meet u michelle i'm still trying to look at them nice to meet u can u do photo sharing? for u anything lol i'm 6 minutes from brick so we're like neighbors lol i just moved here from washingon k ur so cute u really think so? yes i do and very sexy tyvm yw r u gonna add me? yes u have very pretty eyes tyvm do u have more pics? just that opne for now one planning on taking more soon cool so what do u like to do? i'm up for pretty much anything fun as long as it doesn't hurt or kill me cool what do u like to do i like sports,reading and music, walks on the beach and relaxing on a blanket, hanging out and having fun so u're like perfect then huh? not really just want ppl to think of me as a very nice person i am easy to get along with and like to do things that the other person likes to do...i am very open-minded cool i'm hungry want something to eat? yeah but i don't know what i c sucks to be me ur ok and there's nothing to watch ugh lol i was at super cuts in brick getting my hair cut really? yea i dont' have a car so i haven't gone anywhere hell its ok i don't even have a lisense hell i dont' have a permit lol not till ur 15 i shouldn't say hell so much sorry np my mother would have a heart attack to hear me swear but she'd have a heart attack if she knew i wore makeup at school or that i've had a bf so what she don't know don't hurt lol u have a b/f or did have one? used to k brb have to let the dog out k kay sorry its ok what's on ur brain just staring at your pic yeah u like it very any idea in what u want to eat yet? nope i suck stopped thinking about it when i let the dog out was ur b/f nice to u? yeah but at the end he was more in to his games than anything not good yeah i'm more into what the lady wants to do ..i like giving flowers yeah? i like flowers nice especially roses tulips i love tulips k tulips it is lol gonna give me flowers? if u like me too? how? can give them to u whenever u want me too mike, i'm bored :( me too :( i like to kiss and cuddle also me too but that gets old after a while u know? i know what else u like to do then? i dunno guess it depends on who i'm with k anyway, i guess i should go. cos i'm hungry and bored so i think i'm prolly boring u never so no friends to9 hang out with? no cos i just got here u know k like the beach? yep live right on it i love it cool love the beach at nite mostly don't like sports? some like hockey the fights crack me up :)) like to play tennis, roller blade, all kinds of sports, shoot pool i play slop lol anyway it gets in the hole is good for me thats cool i like to bowl and play miniature golf cool if i get a hundred points on bowling it would be a record my highest so far is 234 holy crud i couldn't get taht with bumpers lol so how long is ur mom gone for in vegas? til monday why? was just asking does she call u every day? yeah? nice i have been to florida, bermuda, st. thomas, hawaii and canada and myrtle beacyh wow i've been to washington and nj k exciting life i lead huh? yeah..but as u get older it will get better i hope so it will and u will have ur license and a car and u and ur friends will lots of fun i think ur a very cool person tyvm i think u r too ty so whats ur best subject in school? english and math i loved math had mostly all a's in math cool brb i'll be here sory sorry had to let the dog back out its ok hows the dog? i'm gonna stop giving her water dammit lol like music? all kinds me too have a favorite band or singer? um i like justin of course lol and ush usher sexy back cool song yeah i also like to bike sometimes i like to bake brb baking made me realize i'm hungry i'm sry it's okay lol so what's up? nothing much really hun just want to say i do have a couple of more pics but i am a very nice guy . cause the pics r nude pics just didn't want to say nothing and have u think of me differently..i am a very nice person i know u r do u want me to see them? if u like to that would be cool would u be interested in seeing them? seeing me in the nude? they r pics of my lower half that'[s cool i mean i'm not in to the fakey fakey stuff but it could be cool hope u like it i don't have nay pics like that its ok like the pic? yeah and this one? did i embarass u? no i was just thinking it was hot ty yw licked ur lips? maybe ;) whatcha thinking? nothing much...just smiling cause u like me yeah i do u prolly think i'm a dork would never think that ur very pretty tyvm and lot of fun to be with u think? yea i do what else do u think i think we have alot in common yowards interests towards just wish i was alot younger though why? why do u have to be younger? cause ur 13 and i wish i was still in my teens for u why? then u'd be a playing games i be playing games with u beaching at nite with u and walking in the park holding ur hand that would be cool going places and enjoying each other how would u enjoy me just being with you and ur happiness in doing things give u tulips everyb week u're so sweet tyvm ywvm :) we could listen to music together and watch movies... what u thinking? that that could be cool give u lots of kisses still looking at my pic? yeah nice and what r u thinking as ur looking at it? it's just hot and ur hott too not like that though k i know i'm just saying in general that ur very hot i'm bored mike :( so am i sucks to be us wish i was with u so we can do something together and not be bored do u really? do u want to in real life? yes i do..if u like me too whatcha want to do ? anything u want to do ladys choice whatever u're the guest but if u don't know what u want then i guess there's no reason to come ove r u know well the first thing i would like to do is buy u a very pretty tulip and give u a verey nice kiss and the very nexgt thing? put some music on and hold hands and hug i guess and kiss you alittle mnore or watch some tv snuggling's cool gets boring but it's cool like some kisses all over then? if u like that yeah whereabouts in brick r u? near brick plaza? i'm not really in brick but close where u at? i live right on the shore what town? i live in silverton so u're way close yea anyway i have to get something to eat i can buy mcdonalds if u like? yeah? up to u can i ask u something? yes no bullshitting. what do u really want to do? anything ui want listen to music or watch tv well i can do that by myself want to goto the beach? i guess but i live on it so it's no big deal k whatcha thinking just want to be with u and do something ..were u thinking about making out then? like i said that's cool but it gets old i mean i want to do something fun and watching tv i can do by myself want to go bowling? not really it's cool we'll hang out another time i just thought u liked me or something i thought that's why u sent those pics i do like u but whatever i really like u did u want to have sex with me? i mean it could be cool but i mean i am really interested in u very much michelle whatever do u want to have sex with me? yes..but i want it to be ur decision well duh i mean i know u wouldn 't force me but i mean do u really want to like when u bring mcdonalds? yes want to talk on the phone? that's cool if u want sure what's ur number 732-773-3197 calling? yeah. getting my calling card k i'm here brb mom's on the phone k got a pen? yes removed do u know where i am? yes cool gonna bring mcdonalds? yes with lots of kisses yay and condoms? yes cool r u leaving now? in 5 minutes kay what do u want to eat? um can i have a mcchicken meal? yes and can u leave in a few minutes, cos i haven't showered yet and i want to ok can u give me a few minutes more? yes so give me like 10 minutes to take a shower lol and when i'm out i'll let u know k kay and then u can leave then ok np mike this is gonna be so freaking hot yes iot will it u have drinks at ur place right? what kind? any kind um soda's and stuff and some rum lol but i have to get in the shower lol brb ok i'll goto mcdonalds now and then the drug store as u shower ok call me on my cell phone when u r done ok....the number i gave u is my cell ok okay see u soon kay*+*16:38*+*2*+*[0.506198347107438, 0.493801652892562]*+*1*+*