 luxor huh? that's in vegas! :d a/s/l? :d lol in vegas 13 tommorrow and female oooooh hope i didn't bother you? lol how would you? true, true :"> haha why blushing? ooookay just embarrassed. :"> but whyfor? not sure :"> hahaha :-> i'm a happy person i guess. :d thats good yuppers so why so happy? not sure. i think the day is going well. i'm always happy when things go well. :) well im glad the day is going well how's yours? its okay i had a cough this morning but its better and tomorrows my birthday so thatll be fun :) hopefully my dad will be able to come home for it lol well, happy thanks! you're welcome. birthday plans? mebbe if my dad can come home hes on contract so he might not what does he do? if i'm not being too nosy hes a business consultant for shipping strategies wow, pretty high up there i guess so i dont really know what all he does :p all i know is he talks on the phone a ton hahahaha, and you don't? :p well not as much lol :p sure sure! :p it is too hot today truth yuck oh well what can you do stay inside in the ac lol no kidding! movies are also an option anything in the ac truth for it is cold there fridgid! yeah its pretty cold i usually get too cold awwww, that sucks im little so i get cold fast ;)) what do you do to keep warm? take a jacket or sweater? lol yeah im all bundled up ;)) like a little penguin. :d lol totally! now that's adorable and i walk funny too okay not really but itd be funny if i did hahahahahahaha! omg, you're cool. :) i like that lol tyvm ywvm :d hee hee lol do you like the abbreviations too? very much so i like lots of things abbreviations are one of them. :p what all do you like? i like diet coke annnnnd i like nouns. and verbs are cool. puma and i love cherry coke annnnnnnd gerunds and pepsi is great and driving fast :d lol i dont get to do that it's better on a bike like motor or bicycle? let me show ya "silver" http://photos.yahoo.com/elevenpastsix :-" let me know what you think :-" holy cow :o that looks like its going fast just sitting there 140 miles per hour :d i took my sister's friend to 120 :p holy cow thats crazy! id be scared id fall off lol it's fun though. :d that's why you hold on silly. :p tightly. :p no kidding youd have to pry me off hahahahaha. ummmm, you hold onto me silly. you saying i'd have to pry you off of me? :)) yeah after you stopped because id have a death grip awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww cute as a penguin :p *waddles* you're too cool lol tyvm your cool yourself :d and if im a penguin we're always cool yes, cute cool penguin :p ;)) totally very word lol yuppers fo sho! i think im out of synonyms damn, you're pretty smart. even i don't know how to spell synonyms :p smart family. you got a sister? i'm single. ;) ;) lol no im an only child its just me and my dad and his gf sometimes oooh dang. i'm forever single i guess. :p lol why? cause, i want someone with a fun, happy, personality to date. you have that. but you don't have a sister. :( verily ha i should have used that one earlier hahahaha :p maybe i'll give you a call in 5 years :p ;)) lol awww so far away i know. that suks bad. :( :(( lol same here so there same there? you crying to? :"> i love your personality, it's upbeat. outgoing ;)) hmmm, you got quiet. :p :( dude i just got killed by bots like, eighteen omg i'm sorry should i let you go? :-? lol no unless your seeeeeeeecretly a bot nooo i'm alive. :) exxxxxxxxcellent :p *taps fingers together in a penguin sort of way* *or flippers i guess* hahahaha. omg, you're sincerely great!!! so, when should i ask you on a date, in 5 years? :p ;)) lol thats too long :p when then silly penguin? :p that was so rhyming i know :d i just got it :d whenever you like, mr silver bike wow that took me like a minute to come up with and it was still lame *hangs head* no, it's not lame lol come on thats so not as rhyming as yours but i did ask when i should call you for a date, if not five years from now, then when? :p it's great :p trust me i dunno, i think its up to you not me rofl no, it' sup to you, you see it's true, the decision is not mine, but yours to make in time. :p oooo next we have to do the iambic thing but your the guy so i get to be shy what is that? you're the girl, give it a whirl! i dunno its what shakespeare wrote in. i read it on the back of the romeo and juliet copy i have lol ok, so should i call you for a date in 4 years? lol that still way too far away im bored now lol awwwww :( ok, what can i say or do to make you un-bored? dance like a monkey! i would so pay to see that i did that about an hour ago, when i was cleaning my monkey's cage it's all i could do to get him back in his room! :p i once had a baby squirrel i had a ferret. :p ok, should i call you for a date in 3 years?? did you really have a ferret? i sure did dont they smell funny? named stinky yes, that's why her name was stinky :p i asked that before you typed that by two seconds! i win at life! you do you do :p so, call in 3 years? that still does not solve the problem of now, sirrah! what do you want me to do, take you out tonight? :p :p lol early birthday present! really?? what do you want me to give you for your b-day? :p well. i suppose a monkey's out hahaha, kinda. but what else would you like? hmm what are my options? ask, and i'll let you know. :p hmmmm use your imagination silly goose no, i do not want fish or fowl no goose. :p ok, no goose :p gotta let me know. your opportunity is going....going.... :p oh noz! okay you have to give me four options and then i shall pick from the four for i know not what i want! this is . . . this is so unexpected . . . i . . . i want to thank the academy . . . ok, in order to give you four options, give me an idea of what things you'd want. and i'll give you the options. :p this is so tricky okay not really. just let me know what would put a smile on your face, and i'll come up with ideas off of that. :) well entertainment, food, cuddling, or monkeys awwwwwwww, you like cuddling? :p lol yeah well, i can get you cd's, or dvd's for entertainment. food is wide open to anything y ou want. monkey's may be hard to get, so probably not. cuddling, well, you're sweet! i'd cuddle with you in a heartbeat, just gotta keep me from kissing ya. :p awww your such a sweetie :d :"> awwww! was that your pic in the folder with the bike? yes. ugly me what? you are totally a cutie! how tall are you? 5'1 and a half ;) well, you have your options, which would you like, and when would you like it? :) decisions decisions! what are my options for when? lol cd's and dvd's, food, and cuddling. whenever you want. just let me know. wow you are so convenient! it's your birthday silly. :p you are supposed to get what you want on your b-day. :p so, what is it that you want? :d hmm i am thinking very seriously ok. :-" i feel that you should come and bring me dinner and cuddle with me :d and that way i will not be alone tonight awwww. what about your dad? and his gf? well his gf is kind of a flake lol and i think shes dancing tonight anyways and my dad has work and hell probably go hang with her after that if he even gets back in town you sure i won't get in trouble? lol yeah but you dont have to if you dont want to i just thought it might be fun i would love to, and you are the birthday girl. :p what part of vegas do you live in? jones off 215 cuddling sounds so sweet. you're not going to jump me or take advantage of me, are ya? :p lol only if you are a good penguin? hmmm, which do you want? which what? lol brb bathroom good penguin or bad penguin k :-" 8-> okay back :p so, what's the plan stan? :p the plan is man to be whatever penguin you can hee hee. you're so cute! :d so, you want me to bring you dinner and cuddle with you tonight? indeed :-? kisses? if you are as cute in person as you are online :p i look just like it. :) lol like navy text? awesome! *giggle* you're cute. :p why thank you so dinner, cuddling, and kisses. is that all you want? what would you choose to give me for my birthday? :d me. j/k ;)) but the cuddling and kissing are nice. :"> lol i dunno, is that the good penguin or bad penguin reward? lol the good penguin i'm not sure you even want to know what the bad penguin would want to give you. :p lol can i get a hint? it starts with kissing. :p and then? :p i'd have to suprise you. :p i like surprises but let me ask you, what is it you don't want from the bad penguin? ;)) hahaha, that sounded so bad. 8-| to be ignored lol you wouldn't be ignored that's for sure i just don't want to try to give you more then you'd want, does that make sense? lol well given how cute you are wed just have to see huh? :p well, we could see what does happen, i'm just trying to figure out what it is you don't want from me. so i don't make a mistake and give you more. :"> :"> oh, and what food do you want? :) hmm whats your favorite kind of food? pretty much anything :) no mexican or indian though k so, have you decided what it is you don't want from me sweety? i want in and out double double animal style lol oooooh wow and hmm i dunno itll depend on what happens well, let me ask you this, and there is no pressure here, but well.....should i bring protection? just asking, that's all. :"> :"> lol yeah just in case :d k do i get to hear your voice before you bring me dinner? lol yes, i can call you. :p what's your number cutie? i hate my voice though, so just be warned its okay i sound all raspy awwww heehee its kind of funny so we can giggle at each other sounds good to me :p so do you want me to call you or do you want to call me? i have my cousin's cell lol so either way is fine my dad gets calls to the home number forwarded so no calling that rofl i can call you, my number is long distance. :p okay you want to call now? lol sure k you have a pen or whatever? yup 7023728695 and dont laugh at my raspy voice k? :( i promise k :d calling now. :p its prepaid so i dont want to keep you forever but i want to hear your voice ringing! k you sound cute why thank you http://img196.imageshack.us/img196/7540/sarah20jk.jpg davidmirabal@msn.com you sound cute! thank you i sound all raspy no, you are adorable! lol im gonna go get water k :-" 8-> :-" back my poor voice lol :) it's beautiful. :) did you email that pic? i want to see it better. it's so small in the little box. :( im about to email it along with a bonus pic yay! bonus. i win at life! :p you do win at life! i met you that's a win :d truth! very sending sending sent! k. :-" :d yipee, they're here. :) let me look. :) i have crappy dialup, so it's slow. :p k adorable! :d lol tyvm how old is the picture in the black sweater? i love that look on your face, and your eyes. :x um like it was in june? cool so, what time were we supposed to cuddle? :"> well. what time is good for you? lol now. :p ;)) well. eight? so long from now. :( ;) lol if you really want you can do six thirty or so and ill make it fast make what fast sweety? my shower and prettyfying lol ooooh, you don't have to do that. really. i actually find it more attractive if you're just relaxed you, sweats if you want, the comfortable you. :"> lol i wasnt talking about like makeup i just want to shower and wash my hair and do the whole hair dryer thing oh, what were you talking about? because i like my hair that way ooooh :) it will be hard not to kiss you when i walk in the door. :p ;)) lol well if you really wanna really? sure lol i might not stop. :p lol oh noz! i know! :o bad me. :( lol its okay bad penguins aren't awful :p :-" o:-) lol your a little angel you are. :) *flutters* so i can be all clean at 6:30, you wanna come then instead of eight? lol i don't want you to rush or anything nah thats like an hour and a half k. what's your address? *removed* *removed* and then you have to enter a gate code and its a little sign that looks *removed* so *removed*. lol hows that for directions? ;)) that's pretty good! ok, but can you do me a favor? sure whats that? when i get there, i'm horrible at finding places. is it an apartment or house? lol its a house and its got the number on it ok, if i call when i get near, can you step out so i can see you so i don't get the wrong house. as hard as it is to believe, i've done that before lol i can try to walk you through it. the numbers right on the top of the house so i can walk you here but i want my outfit to be a surprise :p i can watch for you and tell you when you're here though lol what outfit is it? :-? well. then it wouldn't be a surprise, woudl it? :p give me a hint. :) it involves fabric lol #-o a better hint silly. :p awww okay pwease ;;) hmm. awwwwwwww, the puppy dog eyes let you win at life! im going to wear my favoritest tank top of all time and the bottom half is going to match and thats all you get so there :p why is it your favorite? it just is lol youll see why ok, i was thinking you were going to say underwear or something. #:-s you going to clean up now? yup i gotta go get showered call me when you get in the gate and ill make sure you get here :d its arbor valley and then hampshire bay and it leads into huntington k. so dinner for your birthday, right? and cuddling :d awwwwww. you should have an easy time finding someone to cuddle with you. why me? :-? :"> not that i'm complaining at all. :p because you are a hottie! and you are sweet and not a jerk awwwwwwwwwww what's arbor valley and hampshire bay? once you are inside the little gate? oh, ok :) theyre like miniroads :p hee hee i have to clean up to :) can i ask you a personal question? sure and i just went through it in my head and you turn left onto lamplight from shelbourne and then right onto arbor valley and then right onto hampshire and that goes down to a turn or die which feeds left onto huntington and then its 6236 and thats the end! are you a virgin? well its not the end but its the end of my description ;) lol sort of sort of? what do you mean? well like ive fooled around a lot but derek my ex sucked at kissing so i wasnt gonna have him do much more than just fooling around lol oooooh. i got it. and with me? what do you expect from me? what are your expectations? :-? lol well are you good at what your doing? depends on what you let me do, but i'm a good kisser. :"> lol well youll just have to see :d ima go get ready k? k. k call me if you cant find it am i bringing food, or are we going to go get it when i get there? lol up to you im okay with you bringing it and then we can be in the ac lol hee hee k talk to you soon. :) k ima log off for now :d k. >:d*+*16:47*+*2*+*[0.5079787234042553, 0.4920212765957447]*+*1*+*