 hello hi may i ask what a 13 yrold is doing in an adult chat room lol im just curious i c about what? about wat yahoo chat rooms r like o i c yea mostly about things that people wanna do i c i dont bug noone thats cool well do u mind talking to a 34 yrold? nah does it bug u im 13 not really i dont mind kool as long as we dont get in trouble lol well i dont think we would u dont? we aint allowed to talk i have heard sooo many horror stories like? well guys talking to girls your age and then goin to jail and such for talkin to them? rlly? well i dunno maybe they were talking more than just chat lol wow yea i didnt know it wasnt ok just to chat i think its ok to just chat how would anyone know anyways? i dunno they were talking to undercover cops omg yea just for talkin? well i think they were talking bout umm adult things i bet they told their mom or dad or sumthing i dont think so the cops use profiles with th eyounger age on them to catch the guys man aint u afraid to talk to me then? well thats y i asked what u were doin in this room lol i c if u dont wanna talk its ok i understand no its ok i dont mind kk i wont tell my mom lol lol how come she doesnt knwo ur on? she aint home rite now o ic what bout ur dad? he dont live with us ooo i c yea they got divorced yea well btw i am married at least for now lol lol t hats kool do u got kids? yea 3 wow how old? lol 5 7 and 9 my lil sis is 9 cool lol sumtimes u must have to babysit her huh i do sumtimes cool she hates it she thinks she should be able to stay alone yea i know how they feel is ur kids boys or girls? both i have 2 boys and a girl awww thats nice yea so anything u wanna know ? hmm idk i will talk freely about anything thats kool yea do u have a pic? wat do u do for fun? hmm yea i do gos um got sum mostly play guitar cool i have a pic as well do u play in a band? kool i used to getting ready to move out of state that would b e so fun yea where u movin to? iowa wow how come? job wat kinda work? it lol information technology ahhh that is on computers? ahuh thats kool but thats a far place to move to bet ur 9 yr old hates it nae naw he thinks its cool wow i would hate it may i c a pic of u? im sure u would u prolly have tons of friends 13 year old girl srry i hit it by accident sok lol can i see ur pic? ur cute if its ok to say that sure sure and ty welcome i am an ugly man lol awww u r cute haha naw i dont think so yea u r well thanks yw i will not show u any other pics i have how come? those are reserved for adults only ha! lol lol kk i wont ask lol :) lol what u smiling at :p so where are u from? lol u r funny haha thanks so wat do u do for fun? hmm well like i said play guitar oopos lol and do some other adult activities when i can lol when u can? haha yea lol hang on brb k srry needed a pop o ok got tired of seeing my pic ? lol nah not at all lol i just hate the big screen that takes up the screen oo i c well i live near mt pleasant im in marshall really yup my sister lives in olivet wow yea lol dang what? thats just surprising o i c well i will be coming through marshall next friday lol wow yea thats when i am moving to iowa u coming to see her? no wow u r leaving soon i am driving right on out to iowa yea im giong by myself this time y? will come back for everyone else later kids still have school wont u be lonely out there by urself? hmm i dont tihnk so u ever been to iowa? i tend to look for people to go and hang with yea u liked it? yea its nice country i always think of potatos lol haha yea so ur realy 13 and not a cop? lol yea im rlly 13 and no i aint no cop lol ok u have a bf? not rite now o i c yea i bet u have tons of guys wanting to date u lol well i had a bf til about a month ago then i broke up with him o how come? idk he was so immature yea but he was prolly 13right? no he was 16 o i c so u like the older guys ;) lol he was still immature yea i do lol lol well i am much older lol i dont think that would work haha lol i just dont like the immature pimply guys that think their poop dont stink haha yea i hear yea all they think aobut is sports n stuff hmm thats not what i think bout lol lol wat do u think about? im more like an immature 20 yrold mostly about umm well lol thats kool u knwo know** wat? i dont know if i should say it to u how come? cuz ur only 13 oh geez (:| lol lol i meant to do the one that rolled its eyes haha yea its ok lol u know what im talking bout now? i think i do ok well if u tell me then it will be ok i just dont wanna tell u lol y? my ears wont burn out or anything lol i know anywya thats mostly what i tihnk bout :p lol well u r married so it shouldnt be no problem hmm but it is aww how come? cuz i am not interested in her y not? umm she is not my type lol but u married her lol yea did she change? yes very much so like how? she was ok when i met her but now she is fat lol sorry lol srry i dont mean to sound so mean real fat or sumthing? but i also like younger gals yea i like tight abs and small umm well boobs lets just say was she young when u met her? no she was 24 and i was 25 when i was 25 i really liked girls under 18 did she have big boobs then? not as big as now shes like dd way too big so how come u got married? lol ewwww dd? haha yea dang i know guys like b ig boobs but ewww because my parents really liked her and i didnt think i would find anyone else awww that is sad so now u r stuck? yea and no sex for 5 years oops wow i said the word lol sorry lol omg my ears aint gonna burn out so she dont wanna either? hmm well she wants to but i just cant get it up when she wants it cuz she grosses me out lol wow did u tell her? geeze i dunno if i should tell u all this yea i aint gonna tell noone ok wat did she say when u told her? she got upset made me go to marriage counseling and i still dont wanna just cauz u dont like fat girls? lol yea dang wat did u tell the marriage lady? if i was 25 again i would see if u wanted to hook up lol it was a guy awww rlly? and i told him what i really felt and yes ur really cute so did he think u was bad cauz u didnt like fat girls? ok ill say it no he didnt kool yea ok i will tell u kk i think ur hot lol wow! ty!! i think u r too! relaly? heck yea u think im hot? lol yea i do for real ok geeze now i am going to get in trouble lol y cauz? cuz i told a 23 yrold she was hot i mean 13 lol i wish i was 23 lol yea :) hehe well that makes me feel good ty welcome i figured olde guys would never think i was cute really? idk cauz im 13 lol i am sure they do and they wouldnt be intersted they just keep to themselves for real? yea thats kool can get in all kinds of trouble but yea i think ur hot well ty welcome thats rlly sweet lol :" lol ok now im getting a little rush hehe lol thats kool i hope its ok i am still looking at ur pics lol sure i dont mind ok u have a very nice tummy ty i am sooo glad that im not fat lol i am too ;) but my mom aint fat either lol lol shes just lil yea even after she had me and my sis sweet yah how long till she comes home? i never know prolly in about half n hour o ok she went out wth sum friends i c she has a bf she goes out with too cool yea he is ok i guess do u ever think bout sex? sure lol i know thats a silly question lol not its fine ok i mean no its fine lol i know it dont bug me cool i think most ppl do u ever had it? no atw no atw? lol lol i meant not all the way o i c so u have played around then yea me n my old bf did i c thats cool it was fun lol lol yea it is im just happy i cant get anyone pregnant lol rlly? y not? i had surgery so i couldnt get anyone pregnant ahh well thats kool then lol yea no more kiddies haha yes :d lol so how come u just dont tell ur wife not to come to iowa? hmm cuz my parents still want us to be together ur parents live in iowa? no they live here haha dont tell them lol good point lol lol u could send her on a cruise when she gets there and tell her to spend a year in hawaii orsumthing haha i dont have that much money lol lol may i ask u something? sure if it were possible to not get in trouble would u think about having sex with me? its just a hypithetical lol well i rlly like u n stuff and i think u would be very nice and easy so prolly i would realy awesome lol rlly? u made might night ;) awww im glad lol thats nice were those pics taken with a digital camera? lol thanks yea most of them were cool so were mine thats kool yea well what else do u wanna talk bout? anything is kool with me ok hmm well lol i do like u really? yea u r fun lol i try to be u got me a lil excited earlier i did? wishing i could meet u some time yea sorry :":"s awwww :-s thats sweet really? heck yea lol cool so u never dated noone my age? no way awww too bad u couldnt take a pic right now lol lol i got lots of pics yea i know but it would be cool to take one now so i knew it was live well almost live awww well my mom has my camera or i would lol ok u dont have any "naughty" pics do u :p jp she teaches adults n stuff and she always borrows to do stuff nah srry lol sok ;) lol i only got well i guess regular ones yea i understand i have a naughty one but i dont think i should show u lol y not? think my eyeballs will burn out? lol might lol where is ur sis right now? she stayed all nite with my gram o ok ;-s yea itsnice :-s lol lol wats that for? cuz i am getting really excited over here lol lol u are a sweet girl and very sexy well i think u r sweet too and u r very kool thanks and that makes me feel good that u think i am sexy noone ever said that before realy? well yep umm i have a small erection right now lol :" sorry i cauzed it? yea wow u must like me then yea wow is that ok? sure ok i like that u like me thats cool :) hehe lol u umm ever masterbated? well i tried it a few times but i didnt like doin it to myself much yea i know what u mean it just is weird idk lol yea lol i dont think girls do it much yea i dont tihnk so either i think guys do tho lol ahuh lol alot y is that? think girls r justtoo shy? possibly hmm do u have school next fri? yea :( lol ok how come? nothing i was thinking :( since i was coming through maybe stopping and seeing u but only if u wanted for real? yea omg that would be awesum!! relaly? heck yea!! lol but u have school u would rlly come see me? sure as long as i knew i wouldnt get in trouble i would skip skool lol lol u would? well i sure wouldnt tell anyone lol wow i am really nervous right now i would get killed yea so would i how come nervous? cuz i never met anyone offline b4 wow and certainly not anyone ur age well if u r afraid i understand its ok :) i would have to know where we could meet though we could meet like at a wendys or sumthing hmm i would just go to skool then walk there but u could get in trouble for skipping not if i snuck out lol heck they never call to check at home lol umm :) what wendys and where? i dont know the road name but its around our skool r u gonna be online again before friday? yes i will do my best to be on kk i will look at the road name lol lol may i add u? srry i dont pay no attn to that stuff n i should heck yea lol ok kool yay lol lol if u want i guess u could see my naughty pic but only if u want to sure lol dont laugh at it noway wow! :" sorry y srry? cuz i dont want u to be freaked out y w ould i be freaked out lol i saw my old bfs before lol ok what do u think? big!!\ lol kinds kinda looks big to me its 6 " wow about avg size rlly? yea u still lookin at it? lol i shut it cauz u did o ok lol did u get embarassed? a lil y? cuz ur so young i think its cool just a lil different i think its kool too i need to get going though its bed time kk k i will be on and if u really wanna meet let me know that street kk i will and the addy of the wendys kk sounds good who knows maybe we could see what happens ;) lol :" rlly? sure that would be kool it would be totally up to u wat u wanna do? anything u wanted to kool :d lol i will talk to u soon kk sweet dreams make sure u let me know when its ok to talk to u i dont wanna talk when ur mom is around k i am usualy on at nites k nah she dont bug me much on the puter ok nite and i will prolly be having some wet dreams lol nite :-* wow! thats awesum niters :-* :what time do u usually get on hi srry i havent been online lately dont look like i can meet friday cauz i have to go to the dentist and my mom wont let me out of it that sux :9 :( hi and im srry :) sok i understand i wish u could leave a week late sorry i have to go out there to start next mon i do have to come back though when r u coming back? probably in a couple of weeks oh wow lol i will be back to pick up the rest of the family hmmm its ok i should figure that i prolly wont get to meet you :( y cant u when u come back? i figure ull prolly be busy then too not if i can help it i could leave on thurs night and be throug here on a fri morning well i will make sure she dont make no more appts for fridays r u gonna have net in iowa? i think i will i should have kool we can chat while u r there? sure thatws kool i was so upset wh;en she told me i ;had to go u were? heck yea i was lookin forward to meeting u really? wow heck yea so have u taken any more pics latley lol nah srry sok i gotta get mom to bring the camera home yea where is ur family tonite? at home im at work lol lol they dont bug u? who? ur family when u r on the puter o if i was home they would oh u aint at home? yea im not at home where r u? lol at work i go in after hours to work on stuff wow u can get online from work? sure u r lucky i guess wish i could do it from homw home** u cant at all? nope no internet bummer y not? right now cant afford it plus got caught being bad on it and she wont let me have it back yet lol that sux wat was u doin? hehe dont wanna tell you plzzzzzz specially if ur mom is home she is at work i c so i could call you right now then lol :p jp nooo we got call id an my sis is home i can call u sumtime tho really? yup she wouldnt know? well nah i can get a phone card oo i c well i have a phone card lol lol so wat was u doin when u got in trouble? and ur sure ur not a cop? huh? y would i be a cop? like i explained the other night lol :( i told u i wasnt ok when u hear my voice u will know i will believe you ok well i was takling to women about sexual things lol and she wasnt too happy with me for that how did she find out? cuz i actually started to fall in love with a woman on here and i told her i didnt wanna be aroudn her anymore ur wife or the other woman? my wife so y didnt u go ahead and leave? hmm long complicated story mostly cuz of my kids i c and partially cuz my parents are still around here my dad never cared enough to stay for us see thats what i mean i love my kids to much make them think i just walked out on them well it didnt bug my dad :) yea but it bothers me to know that my kids would think that way bout me thats kool u seem like a good dad i try hard to be my dad mostly worries about myself about u? or himself? himself i mean i c hmm yea he has another gf rite now ahh how old is she? umm like 27 or 28? i c how old is he? i think like 39 or 39 or 38 i c so tell me do u like older guys? or did u just happen to stumble across me and think i would be cool to hang out with? i like older guys cauz they r more mature i c so tell me what woud u wanna do when we meet? well idk wat would u wanna do? it does not bother me i am up for anything well we could go eat or hang int he park or watever brb k k had to feed my cat she was buggin me kk im glad ur back awww its a bit boring here right now ;) lol too bad u couldnt come over lol how late do u usualy stay? i wish umm till bout 10 30 wow and ur wife dont care? nah she knows i am working on somethings i am trying to type up a rental agreement lol ahh i hope when i get married that i dont end up being with someone i dont luv do u luv ur wife? to be honest no but i also like younger women and shes no where near as young as i like lol plus the whole getting fat thing wat is the youngest u like? well to be safe 18 but i do believe that women under 18 should be free to decide who they wanna b with but not younger than 12 i agree i think its noones bizness sweet :) so have u ever talked to other guys my age? a few i c any of them going to meet u this fri instead :p jk ha! lol noone ever talked about meeting anyways\ i c they mostly want to just do u right? lol well sum r sorta like that i c am i different than most of them? well i like u more and u r cuter and kooler lol :" thanx lol wel lits true y do u like me more? sum of the guys r icky lol y do u like me more? idk maybe cauz u said u like younger girls? or maybe cauz u r kool idk ok ok well let me say i am deeply honored that you like me more kinda makes me feel warm inside lol i know sounds korny awww that so sweet it makes me feel good that sumone like u likes me like that too really? heck yea cool so tell me what was ur day like? i never figured sumone like u would like me like that it was ok just had skool n stuff yea came home ate mom went to teach skool sux sumtimes heck yea it does me and sis r here but she is watchin tv trust me though you need it to get anywhere in life thats cool i am glad ur on though u at least brighten my day u make me happy too cool so what else do u wanna talk bout? hmm wat is ur favorite thing in the world? my favorite thing? just anything? yup geeze gotta think on that one lol lol i could sound sappy and say u ;) awww thats so sweet hehe i would say riding the biggest roller coaster would be a close second though :d omg i luv roller coasters!!! hehe so do i the bigger the better i agree lol u ever go to cedar point? sure when i get the money to i do i luv cedar pint ahuh you like water slides? oh yea! lol except they giv u wedgies lol haha yea i went to one in virginia that was indoor it was huge oh wow that sounds awesum ahuh so u wear bikini or do u wear one piece lol bikini!! awesomely sweet what i wouldnt give to see that lol lol lol i could prolly carry you on my shoulders play chicken in the water lol i weigh like 100 o yea i can lol i bench twice that dang i bet u got big muscles hmm well i am big lol but it comes with a price i did power lifting dang which packs on a lil bit of a belly cuz u tend to eat more starches well u dont look fat thanks u keep giving me butterflies lol i do? yea everytime you tell me what you think of me thats so sweet i am so glad u like me i feel like i am floating right now awww i kinda feel that way too :" really? cuz ur really sweet so r u and ur also sexy if i dont mind saying so :" heck no that makes me feel good when u say that :) lol :) u get a lil excited when u talk to me? well i know i feel rlly happy n stuff cool actually sometimes something starts swelling in my pants :" lol rlly? sorry prolly too much info yea no its ok ok but yea it does it has a mind of its own i think lol lol would u want to sit next to me and let me hold u close to me? that would be nice would u be offened if it led to a kiss? nah cool i would let u put ur hands anywhere on me lol course i might tickle you ;) lol tickle is fun yea so do u think we might be able to meet up when i come back through? i will for sue what time is ur dentist appointment? i think at 11:15 hmm well did u find the address to the wendys? no i didnt even look it up cuz i may not be going through until then no mom is all for goin out for lunch n stuff :( o i c sok i understand if i knew where i could just show up lol she wouldnt have to know who i was omg that would be awesum!! i could just sit in the same resturant lol and we could make eye contact itwould be hard too tho cauz i would wanna talk to u yea i know but strangers talk sometimes lol well thats true too maybe i could strike up a convo with ur mom and get u involved too lol she would think u was flirting u just couldnt let on that we have talked lol omg noway well u never know ;) hey! lol i would let her think that doesnt mean i would be just means i would let her think that lol lol true :d its up to u brb kk k im back wb thank you thank you thank you very much lol :) so what do u think of my idea? lol i woudl luv it lemme find out where we r gonna go to eat ok leave it in an offline kk i can do that prefferably with an address marshal is kinda big lol what time do u think u will be eating lunch? kk i will look up whereve she says we r gonna go ok prolly like around 12:30 awesome i will do my best to be there at 12 30 :d even a lil before maybe that makes me happy hehe makes me happy too lol so i still mite get to see u yes yes and i u :d ok now something just went "boing" lol :" lol thats funny lol so do u have a pic of u in a bikini? lol no im srry sok i dont need to see one i only got the ones yea sok i understand i dont mind u r sonice u r too ty i gtg tho cauz my lil sis is bugging me to help her with her hw welcome ok talk to u soon i will leave the addy in offline ok nite :) i rlly like u nite i relly like u too if u didnt want me to show up all u had to do was tell me i am not mad just sad i was hoping to get the information so i could be there tomorrow. if u get on tonite i wont be able to check my messenger if u want you can call me this is my number make sure none else gets it it is 989 339 0191 please dont tell anyone my number i will not be online again until i am in iowa. hope to hear from you and please only call in the morning if you can i know prolly cant its ok nvm i am just rambling sorry, im srry my mom wouldnt say where we was gonna eat said she didnt know i rlly did wanna see u its ok i know u did i did too. i will be coming back that way soon. when i am on my way back i will let you know so we cn meet up and btw i love the pic you have up :d i really do like you alot i hope you get on tonite i would like to be able to talk to you :d was hoping u would be on hope to tty soon miss u :d hey! how r u tonite im good but i am close to getting ready for bed but wanted to say hi to u first o ok i know time difference makes it hard wat time is it there? its only 10 here ahhh its 11 here yea i know :( im sorry :( how is iowa? i miss talkig to u its hot lol i miss talkin to u too awww that kinda sux u missin ur family? i miss my kids i bet yea u gonna like it there? i think s so** i am making more money u could tell ur wife to stay put haha lol i have been thinking bout it rlly? yea wow not sure though then i wouldnt be able to come by and see you on my way back to michigan ;) lol yea i am lookin forward to it when do u think u can come? rlly heckyea umm it will prolly be in a couple of weeks still cant find a house here where r u stayin? at my cuzins ahhh that would be hard yea its ok he lets me use the lap top as my own well thats a good thing then yea so u r workin already? so did u write my number down yea started mon yea i did cool but i hid it kk :) hehe how long do u think u will be here when u stop by? hmm it would prolly be a lil while good i was thinking bout leaving on a thurs night and get to about marshall that night well that would be kool and stay there until fri morning to go on wow that would be kool what time would u wanna meet anytime is good for me prtty much what bout ur mom well i mean i would skip skool n stuff well u might be out by the time i go back so she would be thinkin i was in skool and in the evening she is workin how late does she work til around 10 or so i c what time does she go in to work she leaves around3:00 hmm ok well i could try to get there on fri by 3 or around 3 that would be awesum!! i would have to leave by like 6 i would think kk unless i can get there around 7 on thurs even i duno what would u do about ur sis well she could go to grams i could say i was goin to a friends or the library aftter skool ok :) what if ur outta school by then ;) by 3 u mean? no i mean completley out 4 sumer oooh well then i could always say im goin to a friends mom will still be workin ok then we could meet at a resturant or sumthin sure k anyplace is kool k im just lookin forward to seein u rly yup i look forward to it too good i cant see ur pic so well wish i could it looks hot from what i can see hmmm wonder y u cant see it good and ty i am on the web verison of messenger oooh ok i see can u send it to this email at yahoo? yea yah i will ok wish i could hear ur voice i can call sumtime i stil worry bout u being an undecover cop sometimes lol :( i just dont wanna go to jail its ok im not a cop i still wanna meet u :d*+*22:2*+*2*+*[0.5813953488372093, 0.4186046511627907]*+*1*+*