 hey, hey hi hi wats up not too much, u? nothin much saw ur pic in ur prof cool r u reeellly in the army? yeah thats cool u were in iraq? yeah, for about a year wow yeah did u have to shoot anybody? damn, nice pic on your profile too tyvm how close are you to columbus? not far lol y? how did u kno that i'll be moving there next tuesday i didn't thats kool i'll be at ft. benning for 5 months wow damn, that's cool that you are close how old r u? 27 u? im 15 damn, should i apologize? were u in the army long? na lol still am in was it fun in iraq? it was ok, i got used to it ty for add do you mind me being 27? thank you na its kool so you are in columbus? not far from ther awesome we'll have to have lunch sometime when i get down there :p sounds kool lol lol, you wouldn't go i'm too old : y wouldnt i? u seem nice lol, ok do you have a cam? no sry is that ur real name? marshall? yeah thats a diffrent name and your name is 15-yr-old-girl? yep cool so what are you doing up so late? cant sleep how bout u? lol pretty much the same so how far from columbus are ya? not far lol not sure i should tell just where yet lol, i'm not asking where, just about how far away like 30 minutes, an hour, ? in between ther lol, ok cool you can show me around then :d might b kool lol lol but you can't drive yet so how would i meet ya? idk lol ever met an older guy? no k i'll try not to scare ya :p ty lol really i'm just looking for somone to talk to and maybe hang out with while i'm in ga oh lol i was jus gonna ask how long ull b in ga but u said 5 months do you smoke? drink? do drugs? yuk - sometimes - didnt yet lol so you drink sometimes? yea lol what do you drink? actully i kinda like beer cool how do you get it? however lol like friends of friends or somethin ah i c i'll buy you whatever you want :p o yea? maybe ur nice would you want me to? if u want itd b cool ok, sounds good to me :p do you have a cell phone? no i wish lol i'll have to get in touch with ya when i get down there you seem really cool ty :) u 2 thanx i kinda feel akward sitting here talking to you in just my boxer briefs though :p lol lol i guess i could be naked though :p its k i cant c u lol oh so you wouldn't want to huh? lol lol i could just take them off and turn my cam on for ya lol its ur cam lol lol, not tonight maybe later though k lol would you really watch me naked? gues so lol y? y not? idk...didn't know you were into seeing strangers dicks :p lol not really lol have you ever watched a guy on cam? yea 1 x what did he do? lol mm better not say y not? hed get in trbl probly tell me i don't see how he could get in trouble i dont tell wat ppl chat bout lol lol, ok i'm guessing he jacked off for ya though :p lol am i right? good gues lol did you like watching that? kinda weird lol kinda interestin tho lol yeah ever watch in person? no do you want to? like who? i figured when i buy your beer, i'd just whip it out and show ya :p lol wow lol if you are interested :p lol ur messin wit me right? not if you are interested lol kinda interestin lol really? if ur nice yea lol, ok do you have anymore pics? a cpl can i see? well? u still here/ ? yea had to look lol sorry :p can i see them? did u get it? cool, u play guitar? im learnin that's awesome send more please that's the one on your profile, it's cute though got anymore? i love that one! ty got any of your full body? not now lol :( ok thanx for sending those yw i gotta get more well, i'm going to go to bed unless you wanna look at porn with me lol yeah, you do wat? lol lol i was gonna send you a link for my favorite porn site :p lol oh lol but i'm sure you aren't into that idk never saw it do you want to? gues if its ok what do you mean? am i gonna get in trbl? lol i'm worried about me getting into trouble y would u? lol because i'm older and showing you this stuff oh lol im not tellin promise :d id get in trbl too do you erase your archives? o yea lol my friend showd me that lol, ok do you wanna see it? gues so up to you, idc either way if u want (edit porn link) let me know when you are there and what you think :p k lol u there? wow lol what do you think? omg lol never saw nothin like that lol you can watch the movies click on one and tell me which one, i'll watch it with ya which is good? whatever lol your pick well? idk which one to pic lol what do you want to see? wow idk just pick one and tell me, your pick :) thers alot yeah picked one yet? u pic lol i never saw stuff like this lol kinda wild then explore and pick one please kinda tired lol soon i gtg to sleep me too, that's y i keep telling ya to pick lol real quick k close ur eyes n clik i want you to pick please k first lol make sure it's the same one...what's it called? says couple on the caugh k, click on watch the movie here k has yours started yet? r u watching? not yet now it is what do you think? omg lol wow lol talk to me what do you think? :) never saw that do you like it? gues lol lol there's one of a guy cumming if you wanna see that is it good? ( edit porn link) tell me what you think did you see it? omg what did you think? wow idk wat to say lol lol i guess i better leav eyou alone now y? lol idk was kool lol oh ok, lol be sure to erase your history and archives k in her face lol lol well, i'm going to bed k please don't get me into trouble :) no way i really hope to talk to you soon thanx for letting me add ya me 2 :) later goodnight nite hey hey what's up? nothin just got up how r u doin ah i c pretty good thats good yep i c that you have a good pic up now :) ty yw when is your birthday? y u gonna get me a present? lol maybe :p lol u missed it then lol was june 2 ah i c ok so you just turned 15? yea damn, ok dam y? lol, idk k lol wat r u doin today not too much just hanging around, and starting to pack pack? to go to georgia oh yea lol were r u now again? illinois ohh is it nice? eh it's ok were do u live for real? in illinois u like grew up there? yeah but u dont like it huh it's ok all packed? lol, not yet well, i need to get off here, i'll talk to you soon ok :) have fun packing hey girl hey r u here? yep what r u up to? wats up? nothin much cool i'm in columbus now looking for an apartment hopefully tomorrow o thats cool r u ok? u busy? nope not busy k so ur gettin an apartment u gonna let me buy you lunch or something sometime? yeah looking tomorrow y so quiet? just relaxing sry want me to leave you alone? no lol its cool lol, ok so you gonna let me buy you lunch or something sometime? :d u really mean it? yeah, if you wouldn't mind r u interested? maybe kool what r u doing this weekend? kinda stuk dont have a ride anywhere oh what r u wanting to do? my grandparents r goin to visit my grampas bro u live with your grandparents? just staying for summer ah i c what r u wanting to do? idk so you are there by yourself? yea kinda glad lol lol they r nice but they r like always around they get bored ah i c lol how long r u gonna be there by yourself? like fri to sun ah i c i can give you a ride if you want they asked me to go along you said you live close to columbus but its so boring there yea its close u interested? might b cool if u want i'd like to u wanna just call me? now? or give me your number and i'll call you, because it's long distance no, tomorrow r u gonna b online? idk i'm in a hotel right now oh don't know if i'll have an apartment tomorrow or not oh up to you wat did u wanna do? i can call you sometime if you want idk, lunch? dinner? movie? play pool? whatever might b cool i'm new here, so it'd be up to you but i might not be able to get online before the weekend oh but i will try that's why i was asking about calling you or you caling me maybe i can call u k, when? when do u want? it's up to you do you want the number now? if u want i618-889-6163 k call me anytime, but if i don't answer just leave a message i'd love to just talk to you you seem pretty cool! but i think i'm gonna get to sleep ty do u want me to call like now? my phone is off, but you can call and leave a message if you want :p otherwise you can call tomorrow k maybe ill c u online k, if not, call me, because if you are stuck this weekend, i'd love to take you out or something wat did u really wanna do? it really doesn't matter, just hang out k up to you though but try to call me tomorrow or friday to let me know have a good night, and i hope to hear from you soon! k ill be on tomorrow maybe nite k, i'll try to be goodnight baby :d nite :) hey girl :) r u here? guess u r busy, send me a msg when you get on hi im here hey, what's up? nothin just hangin out i c well, i'm staying in another hotel tonight :( no apartment? i looked at one, but i have to get the money from the army first, hopefully tomorrow k good luck me and one of my friends are looking at splitting a 2 bedroom one that is 1700/month thanx thats a good idea yeah you didn't call me today :( :p i didnt know if should just like call without u sayin well, as long as i'm down here you can call if you want k if i don't answer, just leave a msg but it is long distance y wont u answer? i'll be in class most of the day tomorrow cool u take classes? yeah, that's what i'll mostly be doing here thats cool like wat kind? army stuff ooo that sounds cool so, what do you do all day? umm went food shopping with grandma so i have food this weekend ah i c get anything good? yep :) like what? like frozen pizza n fruit n snacks cool do you stay by yourself a lot? sometimes i c they go boring places lol lol yea its true i went to grampas bro 1 time i almost was nuts it was so boring lol nice they dont even have internet ah u gonna be bored this weekend? probly lol we can do something if you want really? i said i'd love to if you want to wat would u wanna do? doesn't matter to me, i'm new to the area hmm idk either lol any ideas? hmm idk i'll just bring the beer and stay there :p lol if u want lol i like beer lmao sounds good to me i'd come get you now for a drink if i could aww thats sweet but you probably can't not now lol they r poppin in n out of my room damn k tellin me do this n dont do that all worried lol about this weekend? yea i c so can you ever just leave? idk maybe any tonight? :d na can tonight sry lol lol, it's cool maybe tomorrow or saturday sounds cool if u want i'd love to cool lol what do you wanna do? mm idk come on...suggest something :) if u meant it about hangin here we got a pool if its nice awesome would you feel comfortable with me being there? yea u seem cool cool, thanx you do too! so, where do you live? i know close to columbus, but where? not too far from there not gonna tell me huh? :d im thinkin lol wat do u really wanna do? just hang out whatever swimming sounds cool i'm always up for some beer k sound ok? maybe maybe? maybe i could like call u first? sure i asked you to call :) :) can i call like now? you can if you want to my friend is in the same room though, so i might be kinda quiet k i gotta get the phone k u still here? yep got the phone had to c where grampa is lol k, my computer froze so i ddint' know i c what if they see where you called long distance? won't you or me get in trouble? na i call home alot and my friends they dont even check the bill where r u from? pa so you are going back in a few weeks? end of summer ah i c sure you can't get out tonight? :) :p hello? hi lol thought you left me what r u doing? calling you lol, ok thanx for calling :) you sound really sweet! ty you are very welcome i'm just sitting here smiling since you called :) u sound nice thank you soo i'm just sitting here chatting with you and playing freecell :p lol k u? just hanging out lol k but what r u doing? chattin with u lol lol r u really gonna hang out with me? if u want i do i wish i could see you tonight :d :) how do you get out of the house? havent much yet think you could? idk lol maybe well, if you could...i would love to see ya!!! cant tonight tho they are leaving tomorrow theyd notice if im not here i know, i'm just impatient lol for wat? lol i'm bored, want something to do, and you seem cool, and i am anxious to meet ya aww sure you can't find a way? :d sry cant tonight lol, ok do you have any friends down here? no what do you do with your time? just swim or play guitar n hang out oh k its kinda boring lol so have you ever left the house by yourself? no lol i cant drive so where would i go lol, idk i could give you a ride wherever if you could get out and not get in trouble cool damn i wish you could get out i'm impatient :p sorry if that bothers you no its kinda flatterin awww cool so when do you have to go back? end of august cool, about a month yea so they wouldn't let you go anywhere tonight huh? :( na sry lol, ok i'll quit asking before i piss ya off sry just cant it's ok when r they leaving tomorrow? yea what time? after lunch k what r u doing tomorrow night? nothin lol want to? might b cool if u want sounds cool i'll come over and go skinny dipping with ya lol k lol yeah right, i don't wanna scare you off ur not if i stripped naked and got in your pool i'm sure it would y? lol what would u do? idk lol wat would u wanna do? lmao, idk i was just asking what you would do if i got in your pool naked ohh i though u meant like wat do u wanna do lol lol, so what would you do? idk lol i guess swim lol :p sorry if that bothered you when i said that its cool lol cool so, where do you live? :) told u lol you just said close to columbus yea but where? mmm im thinkin if i should say yet lol please :( i'm just curious well? well? u still here? yea im here i think i'm gonna get off here and go to bed since you don't wanna see me tonight :) not that i dont wanna i know, i'm just messing with ya do you want me to call you tomorrow afternoon? or night? r u gonna be online depends hopefully i'll get that apartment tomorrow and i'm not sure if the internet will be up yet but i can try k otherwise do you want me to call? or you call me? well? k if i can't get online do you want me to call you or you call me??? i can call if u want cool, call me tomorrow night sometime k? 15-yr-old-girl? yea? call me tomorrow night sometime ok? k goodnight baby :) night :) hope you don't mind me calling you baby na its sweet i'm glad you don't mind :) do you ever walk around outside? sometimes lol y? still thinking about seeing you oh lol lol can you go for a walk around the neighborhood this late? no lol i dont think so lmao damn ok sry it's ok baby mayb some other time ok u there hey hey whats up nothin much how r u? ok i dont have inteqnet so im using my phone im using my phone cause i dont have internet yet wow thats cool u mean u have to type everythin on ur phone? yeah it sucks id rather just talk to you aww yea that must b hard want me to call wat u want to talk about? lol idk u bored since u r home alone are you yea very want me to come see you or take u out well wat do u want to do? anything i just want to see you aww ur sweet i could bring over some beer if u want might b fun r u gonna let me come over then well when? whenever u let me :) how abovt now can i well please answer hello r u here call me im getting off here im really sry i was givin u time cuz its hard to type on ur phone n then time went fast sry :( u really mean now? yes :) to do what :) just call so we can talk oh lol just wonderin wat u were thinkin of lol r u gonna call ok wats ur number again? k call now k wats ur number :( hey call back my phone fucked up r v gonna call hey he so can i come over now i think it sounds really nice but i kinda just wanna kno for sure wat u want so is that a yes idk yea it sounds nice can u give me directions jm lol grampas callin again can u give me directions jm darn phone i can hardly hear him one min :) can u call and give me directions i will i just really wanna kno wat u really want or i can call u when i leave im kinda worried ur not bein honest idk i mean bout y u wanna come over honestly just hang out hmm u seem cool so i wanna meet ya first times we chatted u talked bout other stuff lol i was just messing around oh call and give dirdctions please id rather kno so im not like tricked im being honest will u please call i mean it sounds cool hangin out if u want i do just call please lol like first time we chatted u wanted to show me stuff on ur cam i was just playing with u though i remember lol r u gonna call wat bout the other stuff u said? what lol i rememberd it lol u said if u buy me beer oh nvm i better go to bed :) please just call i am tired of typing on the phone nite :) i wanna come over im kinda tired now mayb tomorrow ur somethin please call me again y? to talk r u calling im kinda sleepy now so u cant call for a minute y? i like talking to u i like talking to u too then call but wat for im kinda sleepy? i just wanna talk for a min can i just call u well im sry :) goodnight baby call if u want to it would b cool just not sure wat u wanna do then do it i told u talk watch tv drink beer whatever just hang out k :) nite can i just call u now please guess u r gone hey hey wats up? can u talk on the phone while its charging im not sure can u try y? i want to talk to u please try ok if u were messin wit me when we first chatted bout that other stuff how do i kno ur not messin wit me now tooo? im not i know that other stuff would scare u away so i was just mesing with u thats kinda wat i mean mayb ur not sayin cuz u dont wanna scare me from tellin where i live please call and we can talk about it its not like that meet me somewhere else if u want walk or ill get u a cab if u want call and we can talk about it ok 15-yr-old-girl yea? call and we can talk about it we did talk u r still worried though im not worried so much lol just dont wanna b tricked leave the phone char4ng and call im not tricking u i promise please call :-) you there ? please call hey hey :) good morning what r u doing nothin just got up u? me too so wats up? can u call so i dont have to keep typing on my phone must b hard to it is so will u call please well hey im here r u y do u want me to keep callin? im gonna use up all my minutes i mean i like talkin to u please call ok can i take u to lunch today ur really sweet ty so can i buy u lunch u interested ur really sweet i want to see u today thatd b cool but wat do u really wanna do? give me directions and ill come get u lunch swimming beer if u want hang out see a movie whatever directions please i better not i mean i think ur really nice y would u rather meet me somewhere in public na its not that i trust u i think lol what then what is it just at first i thought u wanted somethin different so q u just leading me on making me think im going to see u no i think thatd b cool if u want me to come over with beer and strip for u i would love to do that to wow really ur jokin lol if u want me to im serious wow u mean like swimming? u going to let me do that sure sounds kinda cool lol least ur honest now lol so can i come over now ur just gonna strip lol wats up with that ill do whatever u want idk lol ur the guy then well see what happens will u give me directions now well i just wanna wats gonna happen bfore u come over wanna kno i mean idk what all will happen then how do i know wat to get ready for drink beer me strip jack off unless u want something swim lol but wat do i do i mean if ur doing that wat do i do so can i come over now its soundin kinda cool lol u r just messing with me u arent going to let me come over yea i am im just really soo bored when u can today if u want then give me directions u didnt answer me bfore wat do u want me to do what watch or join its up to u lol join how? wait and see thats the thing that makes me kinda nervous lol id rather kno give me directions cuz i heard some guys r into like really weird stuff just watch or use your hand or mouth on my dick wow ok i can do that i gues cool k lol so give me directions k ill tell u u gonna type them or call illl type it k k lol im trustin u k u dont have anything to worry about k :) directions please k u know like where columbus is? yes k im near there... k k lol keep going *edit* k u kno were i am? im the first house on rt can u tell me how to get there from *edit* *edit* umm yea i think please u go to *edit* i think its exit *edit* that turns right into my road *edit* i mean the road goes to right but u stay straight to my street n im the first house on right k when do u want me to come if u get to the chevron u missed it were r u? u can come now if u want im just hangin out coming now k :) if i get lost can i call u wat kinda car do u have i dont like to answer the door if somebody comes i dont know if u get lost u can call me *edit* did u get it? r u there? silver ill call on my way k wat kinda car is it? malibv k :) are u comin now? yes how much longer do i think? i mean u think lol leaving now k*+*12:46*+*2*+*[0.6060078363082281, 0.39399216369177187]*+*1*+*