 hi midnight. nice profile. how are you tonight? where in ga? heya im good just bored and chattin im in sw ga whats your asl? 35 / male/ atlanta you? im 15/f/by columbus atl is a cool city i only been a couple times you look older than 15 you have a nice look about you thanks and i hope i dont loo too old i dont wanna look 30 when im 20 lol no no no....you look early 20s oh well im 15 i hope that isnt a prob no no....why should that be a problem? i dunno i had some guy mesage me earlier and he was all you a baby get outta chat so its hard to say no no no....not me....not my style....i feel age is just a number....its how you feel....its how you carry yourself yeah i agree age is just a numbah and color is just a shade exactly....i've been color blind most of life thats cool you cool then some guys on here are jerks yes they are and i apologize to you on their behalf....and since they have no clue about how they are lol lol its okay aint your fault i know...i know lol lol you got a pic on prof? you don't see it on the chat window? no that stuff never works just damn hold on..... that stuff dont work either i gotta firewall thingy :-? can u email? nahtasha@yahoo.com ok thanks sorry :( no problem cool tell me when u send it just sent 3 pics wow nice bed your cute you look like a cowboy :"> thank you yw did you see my other pics or just my pic on prof? just pic on prof.....can you email me other pics of you? i got too may for that theyre on my myspace and my yahoo pics folder tho wanna link? sure http://photos.yahoo.com/nahtasha very nice......i liked them. so you need supervision huh? lol i like that shirt but my mom dont that was what i wore when i went to jamaca with her >:) lol lol :) you have more pictures? just those ones i wish i had more i can take more....i have a dig camera ;;) oh yeah? thats awesome :) yeah.....memory card holds like 400 pics and will do a 3 min movie as well wow thats a lot with sound thats cool u gotta n ice one then i have enjoyed it cool i dont got one of those i wish so where "by columbus" are you? i have been down that way....my dad was stationed at ft benning thats cool im like 15 away from it i dont give my real town right away cause you never know with guys online u know they could be sereial killers or somethin and this is a really small town were like some of the only black peopl in it that's fine....i'm cool not knowing where you are. i mean what are the chances that you and i would ever meet anyway? i dunno are they bad? i dunno guess i presumed you wouldn't be interested in meeting me why wouldnt i if you were nice and we talked more and we got along? i try not to presume stuff.....know what i'm saying? i dunno what u mean no well.....i don't automatically think that you would want to meet me.....simply because of our age difference. not all people view age as just a number oh well you do and so do i so who cares? true what about your parents? my dads in jail and i didnt tell my mom about my ex sooooo who cares lol tell me about your ex he was 19 i met him on vacay on the island what island? jamaca cool yeah it was okay but he was kinda a playa how long has it been since you have been with him? months we broke up a while back im over it now good yah its all good now glad to hear that now its about findin a guy that cares about me u kno? or is at least cool to hang with w/e not a liar like he was yeah that must have been tough for you it was but i got tough oer it and im tougher than anyone so its all good yes it is brb...can ya hold on a few minutes? lol sure cool lol...why is that funny? like i cant hold on a few minutes? :p :-p back at ya well...i didn't know if you were on your way offline or something....lol....i dunno....lol lol its all good oh...and i have a rule.....don't stick your tongue out unless you plan on using it.....lol lol i aint got nothin to use it on here :p :-p well.....when we meet lol lol oh yah youd like that i bet i would...i love to kiss thats cool its fun so what do you do to keep yourself busy? not much just do stuff on the puter not much to do here what do you enjoy doing? if those things were available to you i dunno i wish i lived in a real city sorry.....>:d*+*21:9*+*2*+*[0.4346820809248555, 0.5653179190751445]*+*1*+*