 want to talk? shur where are u from? sturgeon bay u milwaukee wooo u lvie far from me ha yeah do u have a pic ? yeah cant u c it nope wehre si it? click on the little blue box ahhhh i see it now how old are u? 14 u wooo i feel old now lol 25 wow omgz thats old lol j/k lol ur like jail bait to me lol wats that to young to do anything with lol dah well. we can still talk if u want shur what do u do for fun? shopping movies tv hanging out with my friends u go out with friends, race cars, movies, anything fun i guess meet new people kewl uh huh so how come u have no b/f or anything like that? i did but we broke up i'm sry how long did u two date? all last yeah in school and part of the summer lol did u get some from him in that time? sum wat ass lol huh have sex? o nooo y not? do u mind talking like this? i jsut do it to add fun to the conversation lol o if u mind thats cool its ok i guess no i'm not a big horn ball or anything like that or a creepy old man ha ha wats a horn ball a guy that's always horny looking for nothing but sex o lol did u and him even mess around or anything like that? yeah how come u didn't have sex with him? idk just didnt was thinking bout it no rush though ha ha once u do it u always want sex lol really yea hmm ha ah just liek u prolly loved the messing around part didn't ya? lol yeah do u miss that? yeah awww u got any pics i should have one on my profile i think k wat r u drinking in that pic miller light lol o lol mmmmmmm lol says ur name is josh yep. thats me thats a nice name thank u nice 2 meet u josh im chelsea nice to meet u chelsea ur name is different. i like it its ok i guess do u have anymore pics? i just put up a diff 1 awwww lol so what do u do when u get horny now that u don't have a b/f? idk u really race cars yea. drag race kewl bet thats fun yea it's my way to forget about everything i just jump in my car and go have fun at the track kewl wish i culd drive lol cant wait 2 more yrs yeah yeah so do u finger urself and whatnot when ur horny? huh no u should ha y u might like it i don't know brb k back that was fast lol i just had 2 get rid of toby he was bugging me awww i had a dog named toby 4real yea kewl toby is a cat my toby is me adn cats don't get along lol y they always attack me adn calw me lol lol tobys not like that thank god. lol yeah must be nice to have a good cat yeah lol are u horny at all right now? lol huh umm no just curious ha ha ur going to think i'm a freak pretty soon aren't ya? y wuld i think ur a freak r u nope but for asking u all these questions o but if u don't mind them thats cool yeah i guess are u shaved in ur private? no guys liek sahved ;) really yea because when they lick it they don't get hair in the mouth lol lick it wat yea. put there tounge in ur pussy o ha ha after talking to me ur goign to be a dirty girl or soemthing lol lol u'll be fignerign urself adn everything lol idk bout that i bet u would like it though i wuld u think so yea. u like it when a guy does it right? guy never dun it so idk really? ur ex never put his fingers in u? no did he even touch it? yeah:"> under the panties? yeah u liked that right? awww don't blush yeah i did :"> u should try it try wat rubbing ur own pussy idk thats kinda wierd only at first. but once u do it you'll enjoy it o ha ha try it right now no i dont wanna are u shy about me asking u this? a little :( i'm sry ha ha but do u like m asking them at the same time? idk ha i bet when he was rubbing it he made it all wet didn't he? lol umm yeah how come u stope dhim from putting his fingers in it? i didnt stop him he just didnt do it didn't u put ur hadn down his pants? yeah :"> no need to be shy with me chels ha ha i bet u made him ake a big mess didn't ya? lol huh did u make him orgasm but rubbing him? o yeah did he make u just by rubbing u? no i dont think so did u get twitchy? wat u mean twitchy like did ur body start moving up adn down when he was doing it umm no then u didn't orgasm o k i'm not making u horny talking like this am i? no not really ok i'm not trying to k but if it did happen ever i'm sry :( lol k then you'll jsut have to rub it urself lol lol u should anways jsut to see how good it feels it would feel jsut like a guy was doing it really uh-huh lol thats why i'm telling u to try it right now lol mayb sum other time i will what are u wearing right now? my pajamas shorts? yeah anything under? yeah thong? or regualr panties? thong easy access ;) lol ha ha i bet the breeze feels good down there haha prolly sitting there with ur legs wide open lettign the breeze right in lol no lol hair jsut starting to hang out of the sides of ur shorts lol omg where u come up with this stuff ha ha i don't know lol ur face is prolyl beat red from being shy ha kinda:"> sry :( don't be shy but at the same time ur porlly laughing lol i am now see i bet u are alittle horny aren't ya? (no, but i'm pretty grossed out by you no well u should be ha ha do u have anymore pics other then those two? yeah can i see soem please? :-d k u c an jsut send them over this awww i sent u another one of me i c which 1 r u blue shirt lol no i'm not the girl in the background roflmao i didnt think so lol ur a cuttie ty so r u thanks yw awww wat ur last pic o if only i was 10yrs younger lol y u wanna b 10 yrs younger lol so i could date u lol really yea. ur hot lol i'd help ya rub ur pussy in a heart beat lol lol then u could rub soemthiong of mine ;) :"> u like that don't ya? idk liar lol :^o lol see lol i aint lyin u like guys p p"s lol how u know because ur a girl lol never thought thaat much about buys pps *guys lol i always think of girls boobs and whatnot lol lol looks like u have soem nice ones urself ;) ty ha when i was 14 girls didn't really have boobs they didnt 4real yep. they were flat lol wow urs look pretty decent sized already i guess does it fill ur hand when u touch them? huh ok take ur hand and put it over one and grab it. does ur whole hand cover it? lol idk not really i guess mayb idk lol did u actually grab it? yeah lol thats awesome lol ha ha now u should rub ur boob lol y just do it. i bet u like it lol im getting sleepy i think im gona go 2 bed im really tired ok. it was nice talking are u on here alot? yeah ok. i'll talk later for sure ;) k;)nite hey there buddy lol sry for the caps k whats new? nothin much i was racing again tonight on a circle track lol kewl almost got pushed into a way ha *wall o lol i was wondering wow thats scary ha my cars ment to drag race not do circle track o i came in second though out of 8 people kewl uh huh i had fun thats all that matters yeah what did u do today? went 2 my aunts with my mom they had a picnic how did that go for ya? it was fun good to hear i smell like a race track ha lol wats a race track smell like gas, burning tires, burning oil lol ewww awww come on chicks did the smell of gas on a guy lol *dig they do well the ones that hang out at race tracks lol lol did u do anythign after ur aunts? no not really we were there most of the day i took some cool pics of the fireworks at the track tonight kewl i was liek 10 feet from them wow kewl ooo pretty the first one is the best yeah thats my fav the rest are so bright yeah idk i like the 3rd 1 2 the alst one is pretty awesome to oo yeah see poretty pics for a pretty girl like u ;) aww thanx ur welcome :) lol have u tried any of my ideas out yet? ideas lol my dirty ones o that no lol what u waiting for? u lol 2 say sumthin something like what? lol idk i was waiting 4 u 2 talk o lol so are u going to try it out now then? oooo i ment why u haven't tried it yet? lol sry i was lost for a second there o lol me 2 thats ok lol so what are u waiting for? lol idk u should do it right now ;) idk y u want me 2 so u can see if u like it i will think bout it would u do it tonight? idk :) u knwo u want to lol how u know lol i don't then y u say u know i want 2 so maybe you'll try it i don't know are u blushing over there? yeah awww how cute lol maybe if u rub ur boob u'll get in the mood to do it lol lol never rub my boob b4 lol are u now? no lol awww come on lol its silly but i bet it feels good lol how u know i'm asking u lol idk lol lol how don't u know? did they ever get rubbed before? :">ben did it turn u on? yeah kinda am i turning u on right now? no how wuld u do that by talking like this adn making u blush no ur just making me blush lol how can i turn u on? huh help me out over here. lol what can i talk about to make u get horny? lol idk y u want 2 so u can rub ur pussy adn see if u like it or not omg ha ha u talk lot bout that was that a good omg or a bad one? lol lol i'm guessing good idk lol mayb awww i think it turns u on when i say pussy lol u do huh now ur prolly beat red lol yeah yea i think it does. but u won't tell me if it does lol nope how come u won't tell me if it does? idk lol lol awww ur turned on over there lol how cute lol am not liar! lol i'm guessing ur alittle horny over there ur crazy lol lol no i'm not just trying to help ya out lol how r u helping me out lol by getting u horny lol duh ha y u wanna do that so u can rub it and see if u like it or not ha ha boy u shur want me 2 do that how come because u told me that it feels good when guys do it. so it should feel good when u do it y do i gotta do it please :( lol want me to walk u through it? lol not really lol tkae baby steps lol baby steps yep take ur left hand and put it down ur pants and just start rubbing right above it to tease it lol :-*+*23:11*+*2*+*[0.7267281105990784, 0.2732718894009217]*+*1*+*