 yim? hello? yes? asl? i am in instant messenger yah, me too silly cool...you look damn sexy tyvm asl? male 35 chicago and you? 13 f oak park wow that young and sexy huh? hehe if u say so your pic looks pretty hot i got another 1 can i see it? sendin thanks damn your very hot tyvm u got pics you have a very hot bod ty u got pics ? yes but nude i just wana see what u look lie let me send one..not the best but hehe sending gettin it ready to give it to you oooh... you a virgin? you look liek a tough guy nope hehe gentle as a teddy bear awwww may i ask your measurements? huh oh ok hehe 34 24 34 i think anyhow you look like your body is very sexy i jut know what my bras say wish your bra was off hehe me 2 then take it off i thot u meant in the pic hehe would you consider posing nude for me? i dunno mebbe how? cool...what do you mean how? with a camera i dunno u got 1? of course a digital okay where could we meet? u just want pics well i'd love more but that would be up to you what u mean? liek what well seeing you nake would make my cock very hard okies and maybe you would want to suck on it u think so lol okay mebbe and maybe you would want me to make your pussy wet how u do that? well you would lay on the bed and i would spread your legs and lick and tongue your pussy i herd that s good but i nevr had it oh it is very good u liek that? i do and like the way it makes you feel u wanna do that of course liek, wit me? like yeah 4 realz? 4 realz wow sounds awesome im up fer it would be and cool u got any more pics, d00d? yeah but not very clear thats iw hy i bought the digital hehe lets see what u got gettin it cool nice thanks so you want to pose and maybe play? hells yah well how do we make it happen? dunno i never done this b4 well when might you have a couple of hours available? dood my dads at work now yeah but when do you have time to get out? i got nuttin but homework goin on now well you need to let me know when you can get away im tellin u d00d i got time liek 2nite think about hot nice it will feel to have your pussy eaten and im all horny now you? you should see my cock now i dont wanna waste notime well it woould be nice to have a little notice why about 45 minutes to oak park for me u married yes dont want her findin out fer sure well, my dad dont get home till way late well does he always work late on wednesday nights? no not always but sometimes well wouold you be able to tell me a couple of days ahead of time when he wil be gone? mebbe... why dont u gimme ur digits well if i give you my email you could send me a message can i call i just wanna make sure ur 4 real right now? yah just to say hi il make it fast well if you want we can make it orgasmic then well know were 4 real ill keep it short let me get my phone okies how do i know your not a cop? thats why im gonna call u u nut )) hang on hurry 6704289 630? 847? 312? 708 okies where u live? south chicago burbs..hang on till my cell powers up when i call answer the phone and say hey beka so i know its u okay otherwise im gunna freek out okay can i call hang on something goofy with my cell whats ur name again im gettin old over here man jim ur jim okay jim im callen dont forget say hey beka okay? i wont but i dont get what the hell is wrong with my phone... can i call can i call how bout now call this number..3498586 okay? 708? yes callen now heehe callen the other 1 is that other one ur cell coool yes kewl kewl glad i got both numbers you gonna call? and i'm also glad that you answered the phone both times with the special codephrase i gave you. the folks at http://www.perverted-justice.com really enjoy having multiple methods of reaching the wannabee pedophile posterboys we feature on the site. you might wanna bookmark that site. your name, telephone number, photo, and a transcript of this chatlog will appear on the front page within 24 hours. congratulations, you sick, twisted fuckmeat! hope you enjoy your new celebrity as a wannabee pedophile posterboy, you pathetic shitbag! got anything to say for yourself, you disgusting pig? anything at all? the folks who will be reading this chatlog might take it easier on you if you sound at least a little sorry that you tried to fuck a 13-year-old girl. and take kiddie-porn photos of her. you foul, mealy-mouthed, revolting pile of human excrement. you disgust me. nothing at all to say, huh? you have fifteen seconds to defend yourself. after that, i'm scurrying off to post everything about you on our website. 14 13 12 11 10 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 2 1 have it your way, you ass-faced troglodyte. enjoy your new celebrity.*+*0:0*+*2*+*[0.43217665615141954, 0.5678233438485805]*+*1*+*