 hi how are you tonight im ok u? im good so what are you up to tonight not much asl? im old lol 28 m orlando and you 13/f/ft myers oh ok ur not old my granpa is old and hes waaay older then u r yeah i know but im old enought to get in trouble lol o well ok i dont wanna get u in trouble so its all good ill chat with youim not stuck up o thats nice i get alot of shit from peeps in here im not a baby naw not me i dont care how old you are ill chat thats cool so what do you want to chat about ? dunno im in kinda a good mood what bout u? me2 so give me a stubject and we shall chat so what do you do for fun ? i like to sing, i dance 2 kewl what bout u? i cant dance to well haah thats ok or sing to good either but i try well at least u try im sammie btw hi sammie im lee nice 2 meetcha you 2 so what besides sing and dance do you like to do um i hang out with friends u kno be stupid and silly yeah thats kewl thought ya we have fun but i had a fight with one of my friends an everyone is takin her side so im kinda upset about that im sorta alone but i did really good on a test 2day so that helped kewl made me feel a little better i bet thats kewl i bet a pretty young ladie like you has about 5 boyfreinds huh pfft no got dumped last month st patriccks day what was he blind or something haha no just an asshole lol well i think hes a dumb ass as well aww ur sweet ty u ar 2 ur the nicest person thats talked to me in awhile well ty you seem real nice also thx yw whatchu doin 2nite? nothing just chillin u? same here finished hte homework so im all set but im not tired kewl yeah i understand its the same here i gotta stop drinkin coffee it keeps me awake but i like it yeah it can be good what do u enjoy doin? if its not dancin lol playing pool driven around and other stuff lol that i cant mention u cant mention? i like pool but im bad at it thats kewl i am 2 did you have a question i didnt understand the cant mention thingie. you know just think about it and youll understand why i cant mention it o jeez im no dummy my friends talk bout that stuff all the time no biggie ok kewl im not like mad or nothin kewl so why dont you have a new b/f yet i dunno nobody asked i guess well im shure someone will your to pretty to be alone pfft please boys dont seem into me like they like me as a friend or whatever they are all dumbasses then if i was your age id be in to you well i like sports and stuff and they think that im just one of the guys i spose yeah maybe i dunno well im shure theres someone who has a crush on you but they wont say anything meh not me everyone is pretty an blonde and all that my friends have bfs oh im shure it wont be long till you have a bf i only had one but your young you have plenty of time i spose im just watchin all my friends do just fine do u have myspace? whats that nm then lol whats my space ? its a site that you can have your friends and a profile and stuff its kewl really tell me about it is it like ifreinds i got all my pics and stuff its just where peeps can learn more bout each other yeah prob like ifriends and those things myspace is waaaay popular kewl but ya i got all my fave bands and my pics and all sortsa stuff kewl sounds kewl do u got a pic btw? i never asked lol whats btw and yeah i got a couple pics just bepends on what you want to see thought you still there sorry i got hit by bots argh by the way is btw oh ok wheres ur pics? i got one on my profile or i can open pic share and show you ok ill share 2 kewl thats my face pic o kewl u got a tatto? yeah i have 2 o neat what of? one tribal arm band and a tribal skull neat i got none lol but i like em kewl me 2 ill get some when im old enuff yeah well you look older than your age aww ty u got more pics? yeah but you probly wouldent want to see them y? there bad pics lol im sure they r fine no there dirty pics thats what i ment by bad o lol lol im going to add some more later regular pics that is im not some lame kid i can handle it whatcha got lol or somethin cool 2 say lol i forgot i had more pics i just stopped cuz i was talkin lol do you want to see the pics ? just ask ill show you kewl let me see yours i think thats all i got an kewl show urs 2 i wish i was your age u do? it sux yeah i could go out with you then and be legal lol man see and guys my age suck lol sorry its ok i spose lemme see ur pics mister yeah there dirty im not dumb i got that ok hold on a sec ill take just a sec ok there it is wow...um...i dunno what 2 say lol ty i guess you liked it then i only seen one other one kewl im no xpert or nothin lol i know its like 2 different colors i dident kno they could be lol yeah some ladies things are different colars also i think im all 1 color lol lol i bet you are a nice colar to huh i tan nice yeah i bet why you frownin? hit the wrong one o ok lol thats the one i wanted big grin grinnin much better oh yeah to bad you dont have a pic of yours lol but i understand that you dont ya i dont whod take it lol you have a cam ? i have a regular cam like not a web or digi film n stuff oh if you had a web cam or digital you could take it your self idont just got the film one kewl so who put your pic on line for you o i had a scanner back in tha day bulb burned out those things suck yeah i gotsta get me a digi yeah then you could show all of you off lol o god nobody wants 2 see that lol lol you might be surprised like i said the guys my age think im a friend not a girl they wuldnt care well if i was your age id like to see well its 2 bad ur not ur actually cool yeah i think your kewl also and very pretty aww ty argh, this sucks whys this suck cuz i like u and u dont like me like that either but i understand no if i knew i wouldnt get in trouble id like you that way also well i dont really got anyone 2 tell everyones mad at me and i dunno why my moms mad at me 2 sigh aw im sorry to hear that well imnot mad at you at least somebodys not yeah well if was closer id like to meet you but i probly would get in trouble then well thanks even tho i kno ur just meanin online and stuff i guess its just nice that someone likes me or whatever how far are you? im in orlando where are you ft myers dont know how far that is few hours like two mebbe 2 and a half mebbe dont remember ill be in jackson ville soon how far are you from there you there sorry jacksonville is north of u and im south i just came from tampa oh ok before that fort lauderdale tampas closer cool ill be back in tampa before to long thats cool yeah what direction are you from tampa south down the coast oh your down by naples cape coral, all of htat yeah naples is a bit south] but u got the idea yeah your 128 miles from tampa thats not to bad 2 hours driving time can i add you ?to my list sure id love it so if i did come down there would you meet me ?just asking ya id like 2 ur really nice ty you are 2 so what would you want to do if i came down ?just asking i dunno movie hang out whateva kewl dont think youd get in trouble for my age ? pfft i dont care kewl 2 bad u wont be out this way this weekend my moms at aconference so have you ever kissed a guy before ?just askin yes kewl ya thats fun yeah it is i bet your good at it also haha if u say so i do ok well i would like to know lol aww i bet ur good at it u got lotsa practice and all ive been told im good at it u had lots of gfs? no not lot but some more then me thast for sure lol your young thought you have plenty of time so have you ever experimented or anything ?just askin ya i done some other stuff like what tell me im courious makin out touchin u kno kewl sounds fun lol did you like it ? ya it was fun kewl how old was he ? 17 oh kewl ya he was cool uintil the end yeah i here you there never had sex with him thought ? just askin almost but not all the way kewl oral ? ya i did that a few times kewl so how would you get out to meet me ? depends like this weekend moms gone so i can do whatevz depends oh ok kewl well i cant this weekend but when i get back to tampa i can probly do that aww bummer but ok i spose well it would be about 5 hours from here to there but from tampa its only 2 i wish it could be this weekend 2 ugh im gonna be so bored me2 but u can drive i cant *sigh* i know but we can chat more then meet you know dont rush in to anything i kno i just dont kno when my moms gonna be gone again and i got lotsa time ya know? well let me see how this week goes i might can come that would be so cool! well we will see ok darlin ok id be soooo happy! and so less bored lol me2 i kno! wed help each other lol yeah for sure i got xbox id whup ya lol lol yeah you would i got skillz lol i bet s'true i bet probly more than just gamin haha yeah im a good singer and i can dance lol yeah and others im shure oooh ur talkin bout dirty stuff i dunno if im good at that stuff well ill be the judge of that if i get to come down lol jokin no ur not have you ever been gone down on ? nope really ya im not lyin your b/f wasnt doing his job then well hes not my bf anymore duh lol well he should have returned the favor i spose yeah he should have well if i got so lucky i would return the favor id like to try that my friend sez its awesome yeah ive never had any complaints on it well u must be good then lol ive been told i am i believe u can i ask you a personal ? sure do you get horny playing around and would you ever go all the way ?just asking ya i mean sometimes i get horny i guess and i think i wuld if the guy was real nice and treated me good yeah oh ok kewl just wondering did that make sense? lol yeah well i always treat ladies good u seem like u do i do i dont beleive in miss treating anyone thats good to hear my dad wasnt so nice so i dont want no one mean kewl thats understandble hes gone tho so its all good oh okkewl ya mom an i took off to here kewl i wish i was closer to you me 2 wish i had known you when i was in tampa ya i kno but its not like ur waaaaaay far away i know ill try and get down there but i cant promise ok ok i understand i hope u can tho dont want to promise you something i might not get to do yeah me 2 thats fair id like to hang out with you and have some fun i still hope so me2 so would you let me kiss you if i came down ?or anything else just askin im courious ya i mean if ur as nice in person then totally i like u kewl i like you also you seem really sweet awww thx your welcome so did your mom know how old your b/f was nah we dont talk bout that stuff kewl thats good to know ya shes not so much abotu the talkin lol kewl lol because if she found out about me id be in deep trouble lol nah i like u i wouldnt tell her kewl i like you alsoi yay i think we could have some fun together i totally think so i would like to show you what its like to be gone down on i think youd like it like i said my friend totally said it was the best it makes you tingle all over nead haha neat yeah youd like it it would make you horny as heck lol haha well i spose it would it would so do you ever play with your self till you get off ?just askin ya i can do that kewlgood to know id like to watch you do that thenhelp you out with it watch me like touch myself? yeah but then help you id be embarased no reson to be id touch my self also i never saw a guy do htat really well i would want you to touch me also lol well if ur gonna for me of course lol kewl id like that ill try im not sure if im good at stuff like u i bet your good ur so sweet i hope i am i have confidence in you ur just so nice 2 me jeez just telling the truth very sweet i like it ty im glad you like it id liek to be your first but i dont expect that i know that ill know if its right ya know? yeah i know but i can dream you knoe know me 2 lol lol kewl are you still looking at my pics ? ya guess i am lol kewl you like what you see ya im just curious bout it i guess kewl im not that big im only average but im told its thick hm...well ur bigger then my ex lol kewl im glad to here that i dunno whats average or whatever but u look bigger average is anything above 5 inches and im almost 7 gotcha well then ur doin ok lol ty and as far as thick goes im thick enought it wont fit in the inside of the center of a raole of paper towels wow i dont kno if ill look at paper towels the same again now lol it would fit you nicely lol do u think its 2 big tho? i dont kno bout that stuff no its not to big would just have to take it slow till you got use to it o that makes sense yeah if you go to fast the first time it would probly hurt but thats why id lick you first it would help lube it up for the real thing wow o ok yeah is this lame that i dont kno this stuff? no its not lame at all its something you learn with time ya i spose it is well i guess i should go to bed i have to work tommarrrow and i got some dreaming to do lol haah awww ok illbe back on tomorrow nite ok im shure ill see you then we can chat some more andif you want ill show you my pics again lol aww thx sleep well you 2 sweetness ttyl k nite nite hey hit me later tonight so we can chat hey are you on ya hi how ar eyou how are you tonight] are you there ya im here im doin ok so what do you want to talk about tonight sweety whatever im cool you seem like your in a bad mood nah kinda rough day but im good cheer me up lol ok sweety ill try thx so whats the prettiest lady on line doing this weekend haha nothin moms outta town whatever the heck i want lol when sehe leaving she tomorrow thank god lol kewl but why does she leave you there alone cuz shes a nurse and she has to go to conventions sometimes and im old enough now kewl when will she get back ?just asking monday kewl ya itll be great yeah so if i comedown i wont go to jail will i ? lol o jeez no im not a cop i hope not id be like the youngest cop ever id get my own tv show lol samme lohan...detective show bah da dum lol your funny if u say so aww ty for tha kiss yw i could use one today me2 and more of course lol i hope so i could realy? yeah i could use some of you lol aww lol come see me i think i just might so you known im a big guy right i saw ur pic ok kewl silly i dont like skinny guys kewl im glad to hear that well u make me feel small whys that in a good way like safe u kno? kewl im glad you definatly dont have anything to worry about me ur so sweet im a big teddy bear ty awww your very sweet also and i have to say your the youngest lady i have felt a connection with well im sorry bout my age no reson to be sorry it was a compliment thanks yw and i shure would like to see you naked lol haha its not all that cool yeah it would be your hot i got lil boobs i like that i dont like great big ones o well i think thats y i got dumped no he was just a daumb ass he will regret it later i promise i hope so he will ok ima go get some pizza im sorry im just hungry lol its kewl i hope you hurry i have more to ask i will be kewl just let me know when your back ok you back yet lol sorry my moms makin me crazy i gotta talk to her for a few before she goes to bed u be on in ten? yeah come back if your serious about meeting of course i am silly ill be back in a few im real sorry its kewl no problem ok im back sorry jeez she leaves tomorrow mornin so she had me go over tha list of numbers and stuff its kewl i understand that so hi hi whats up? me lol you seen the pics haha ya u sent em yesterday or they were in that pic thingie yeah think you could help me with that problem lol well im kinda far away rite now lol yeah i know but you know what im talkin about ya when ur here sure lol lol so how would i get intouch with you when i get there ? well i can call u but my mom is all noid so she isnt letting incoming calls phone is for emergency only ugh i kinda made a boo boo once and rackedup a big bill oh ok $400 she was so mad but i have a long distant number so she dont trust me with the # its ok i got a phone card to call my dad oh i see kewl hes in chicago kewl not that i wanna call him but they say i gotta lol i see did u work today? yeah what do u do? i work for cingular o phones cool lol what do u do like fix em or sell em or somethin? yep i put in the switches that makethem work o so ur not at the mall lol thats so cool ur all high tech an stuff cool yeah its a good job sounds like ud make alot of money i do alright do u got a nice car? yeah it doesnt matter i just like cars cool what kind? pontiac grand prix and a saturn vue ooo u got 2 thats alot of drivin lol yeah gas is soo expensive my mom sez i mean i can see it 2 yeah lol saturn does better with gas i bet they both do good isnt the grand prix like a sporsts car god i cant spell lol its pretty sporty it fast cool sorry didnt mean to talk 2 much there lol no its kewl so when u visitin? saturday if nothing happens between then oooh really? when? yeah and as soon as i can get there well we can plan it 2marow huh? when u kno better yeah ok kewl thad be so kewl i can call u tomarow 2 if u want ok hold on ill get the number ok ur gettin me ur #? yeah kewl 214-912-4891 if my brother answers just ask for lee and if he askes your 18 ok haha ok i promise kewl u dont have ur own fone? phone i mean its the companies we both answerr it in case its are boss o u both work for em got it u live with ur bro? thats cool yeah older or younger? younger alot younger no just a couple years i always wanted a bro or sis yeah its cool so anyhow my pizza was good lol did i lose ya? hm well i guess ill letcha go sorry my comp froze up im back o ok i was worried bout ya im just takin a quiz no biggie kewl its a long one ya know likes dislikes fave foods that stuff yeah u ok? yeah im good whats wrong? nothing why dunno u were quiet lol lol no im good just killing bots haha lol i cant be up 2 much later tonite i gotta get up early with mom get her outta here man shes bein annoying kewl i understand ill need you adress also if im going to find you ok no prob i can give it 2 u when ur sure ur comin ok? ok but so far it looks good thats so awesome im excited me2 oh u should bring beer or somethin haha you have stores ther right well have a party woo hoo! ya but i dunno where they r i dont buy booze lol i know that i was just kiddin about what drinking u sounded mad that i said i cant buy booze o no i like a drink sometimes like i steal moms lol i know you cant buy boze but i can yay yes u can lol lol we might get some thad be cool i like 2 cook i can maek us dinner or whatever yeah i do that for mom now k she dont like 2 cook so i do i love it kewl so what do you like to do when you drink ? my mom loves mikes hard lemonade so thast what ive had mostly i like it yeah that and smirnof is good also do you do bad things when you drink? i get silly lol lo lol so do you drink often? some but not alot i like to get buzzed its fun yeah it can be it does bad things to me lol really? yeah it makes me horny lol haha so thats not different lol lol not to much but i also like to touch when im horny well ya me 2 i spose or drinkin cool i shuld go 2 bed i guess ok ill ttyl tommarrow ok yay can't wait we hjaha well make plans then ok sounds good to me yay! laterz later sweetness aww ur so nice ty you are 2 night sleep tight you 2 dream of some un fun haha itll be a party yeah just for use right yep jus for us nite nite kisses and hugs back ttyl good night i cant wait im excited has signed out. give me a call around 5:30 or 6 ok ttyl hey hollar at me when you get on are you on yet hey are you ther yet dont for get to call me ok hey are you on yet ? call me if your still interested 214 912 4891 ill come i also need you address to find you hello hey are you there hi yep hey sweetness ur back yeah so are you ready to have some fun totaly im excited that ur comin me2 u want the address? yes please ok its thas me cool] u kno mapquest rite? yeah i have streets and trips o ok cool then u kno yeah i cant wait to see your pretty face awww ty i cant wait either ur voice was soooo deep lol lol ty your voise was very nice voice aww ur sweet ty you are 2 so do i need to rent a room for me ? no way u can stay here kewl i was hoping i could so youll snuggle with me right ya i like to cuddle me 2 ill try not to poke you with somethin unless you want me 2 that is lol haha ur funny im glad u think im so cool you are i like you you are cool so you going to show me what you learned right i need some attention of course i give my mom massages sometimes shes a nurse so she taught me so i could do em for her lol kewl ill show you even more then i like to teach kewl i ment what you learned with your ex lol haha of course i done and promised you to show you what going down on you was all about hee hee i kno i dident forget and i look forward to it neat kewl i cant wait so when r u gonna be here? ill leave here around 6 or so so i should be there around 10 hopfully but im just guessing 6am? u mean? thas early lol yeah is that ok i have to find your place first y so early tho? can it be later? i wanted to sleep in lol so we can stay up late yeah but i could slepp in with you u know but its kewl if you want me there later i kno that the lady who cleans our house comes early iwanna make sure shes gone 2 ill sleep rite thru her i always do lol what time do you get up lol noon or 1 its my one day to sleep in kewl so if im there by noon its kewl ? make it 1 so i can shower can u? i wanna be squeeky clean lol yeah but ill need a shower after the drive also lol 1 is good andi wanna make sure shes way gone ya kno? yea so if she stays doin launrdry or somethin shes gone by then for sure shes got another house at 1 so i kno shell be gone kewl shes really nice i like her thats good so 1 it is ill be there for shure yay! u better be on time ill be so excited oooo u wanna bring lunch or somethin? if not its ok i can or we can go get lunch after im there or order in what ever you want yeah its kewl what would you want for lunch i have the money give me an idea ill get it for you mcdonalds or b/k or pizza what would you want to eat oooh well i like all of em if its mcdonalds i like tha 2 cheeseburger mean no pickles if its bk i like the bacon double combo if its pizza i like cheese and mushroom haha ist hat good enuff? i like food kewl sounds good mmmm lol whatever u bring ill be happy wiht im sure as long as ur comin kewl just as long as it dont have pickles right im coming for real i dont do onionsmy self i only like onions if its from mcdonalds tha little ones kewl and i dont like the pickles there but i like a real pickle tho im weird that way lol lol i dont blame you do u watch american idol? made me think of pickler yeah sometimes lol lol shes so dumb yep ok ill bring lunch yay! and ill look for a liquar store while im out getting lunch yay is right i love love love chris and taylor they r so good yay! booze 2 yeah this will bea good party mikes hard lemonade right yup u rememberd whats my name again? lol yeah sammie yay! im just playin with ya yay i know its all good just dont get drunk on me ok lol ill try it dont take much tho buzzed is good ] ya its fun i like that feelin me2 i bet you get wild drinking dont you i get giggly lol lol kewl i get touchy feely lol haha thats fun im ticklish tho kewl i like that u do? dont make me pee man lol i wont make you pee cum maybe not pee lol hahaha what are you laughin about i mean that i kno u do i never did that i dont think oh youd like it it makes you all warm and tiggly tinggly my friends sayits sooo great it is your freinds are right do they have sex also ?just asking some of em oh kewl id like to be your first thats for shure you seem so kewl to me i like that aww ur so sweet i think id like that i think you would 2 i know i would for real and i have never had a complaint i believe u u prob have alot of expereince some lol im also very clean and safe waht does that mean safe safe means i practice being safe at sex and im disease free thats all o u mean like condems and stuff? yeah we just had health i kno bout that stuff i just thought you should know that about me health was one of my good classes in school thats good im glad kewl what kind u use? i dunno if it matters im just askin cuz lol durex or trojans trojans mainly ah i dont kno much bout that stuff its kewl ill teach you thx ur so sweet i try i enjoy teaching stuff its fun im tryin 2 think what else i should learn i dunno i guess ull do it every thing is good to learn i promise youll enjoy it you just have to remember to relax and just let go ok i can do that kewl i cant wait im very excited o i kno what i wantd 2 ask u...whats tha 74 for in ur name? in ur sn i mean its just a number i picked for the name o ok now if it was 69 then it would mean somethin huh? 69 means that i lick you as you suck me at tha same time u mean huh? its fun sounds hard lol its not hard and yes at the same time ok i belive u but it is fun what shuld i wear? anything you want bath rob nothing or what ever im easy to please haha ur funny what r u gonna wear? probly shorts or pants thats all i have and a t-shirt and boxer breifs lol haha cool just wear somethingcompy comfy o ok i will ur sweet ty you are 2 oooh which car shuld i look for? the sweetest u 2 lol i dont know i have to put them in the shop so i might be in a new one youll know when i pull up i have to get them serviced ok but hopfully the pontiac if its done in time but im not shure right now i might just get a rental so i can make it on time i dont want to be late thats cool whatever kewl im so excited yay! me2 ! i feel like its a party 4 me or somethin lol im sleepy 2day dance class took alot outta me sorry my comp frooze up for a sec imback i have a dell laptop ah gotcha i was sayin that i was sleepy tough dance class to bad i aint ther to cuddle with you well soon tho rite? yes tommarrow man my feet hurt lol lol ill rub them for you i shuld tell u my feet arent so cute tho its kewl feet arent suppost to be cute well with dancin they get all beat up its kel im sure they are just fine aww ty your welcome sweety shuld i sleep now so tomorrow is closer? lol lol its up to you if you want to sleep its kewl r u tired? im not but i always stay up late but its kewl if you want to sleep ok well then i will def see u at 1pm on tha dot lol we got a date for lunch yaaaaay! kewl lunch and more yup lol yeah ill try my best to be on time if i can find your place easy enought if ur a few laet i mite forgive u but u better be close mister its easy ok kewl i will be kewl i hope so easy is good i cant wait me either sooo fun! yeah o ya im sleepy i dont make sense lol lol yeah you do make sense i understand you glad someone does lol im looking so forward to getting there u and me both what shuld the day look like? whatchu wanna do? anything and every thing of course aslong as its fun but most of all i wanna do you lol u wanna watch a movie, play xbox any of that? haha o ok i got it now lol yeah x box or a movie is good cuddle on the couch or on the bed playing x box or watching a movie is fun sounds like a good day but i have to say i suck at x-box haha im pretty good yeah it does sound fun i bet you are mortal kombat is still my best game youll kick my butt yup yeah i like mortal combat and haylo but i havent played in awhile i got halo 2 kewl what kind of movies do you have ? o god lots i got like a couple hundred kewl romantic one sounds good to start lol i got some of those im a comedy girl mahself whats your fav movie me2 i like comedyalso o jeez um it sounds dumb but its my moms fave blazin saddles kewl it makes me laugh so hard i like that one 2 she likes that plays it all tha time i havent seen it in alongtime i like o bother where art though i dont think i saw that and dumb and dumber bruce almighty haha i got that one yep got that 1 2 i love comedies i love love jim carrey yeah he is good i like all kinds of movies but comedies are my fav and i like adult films also lol me 2 adult u mean like r ones? yeah and rated x huh? r is not to dirty but x or xxx is dirty o u mean like with sex an stuff? yeah hbo shows some late at night ooo hm or showtime u got those kind of movies? not any more i wish i did hm ok is ther any adult stores in your town ? i dunno lol they dont tell me lol if ther was i might would buy one to show you o thad be kewl i never saw that stuff some of them are pretty cool but some are lame like other movies i like the lesbian ones the best u mean 2 girls like with each other rite? yeah i dont get it well i like them because it shows all girls hm i guess cuz i like guys its not 4 me huh maybe but who knows there pretty erotic hm it gets the juices flowing i c lol lol but any movie is cool with me im shure you have a good selction to pic from i do ok im gonna sleepy now and then its u when i wake up neat! yep ill be ther so be ready yaaay! kewl ok ima go 2 sleep ill see u then i cant wit wait me either lol gnite see u tomarow ok good night see you tommaroow sweetness see u soon kiss good night ok kewl back atcha ty ok see ya later darlin k nite sweetie nite sweetness ugh i cant sleep me either lol lol im to excited lol u were gonna be up anyhow yeah im doing all the mapping o cool yeah getting prepaired yay!!! yeah yay haha im just listenin 2 music k what kind of music are you listenin to rite now rob thomas very k what do u listen 2? all kinds of music whats ur fave ? god smack, mettalica ooo heavy stuff yeah i also like rod thomas cool smart and even essence savage garden match box 20 yep they r good yeah sorry got booted ohok kewl dident hear anything after rob thomas have you heard of the cranberries no they have some good songs also hm ill look on itunes yeah look up mister big the songs to be with you the band is mister big? yes or kiss ,beth kiss is the group beth is tha song? yeah they are bith good songs both ok ill get em for my ipod i think youll like them they are slow songs but there good they are 2 of my favs ill get em and listen kewl i also like pod and kid rock and linkin park hobba stank o ya i kno then story of the year haha them i saw story of the year and hobba stank and pod and linkin park in concert it was awesome o cool what other groups do you like yeah i had lots of fun at that concert lets see i like emo stuff i guess kewl do you listen to all rock ? hm? kewl i grew up in a musical family so i have a wide veriety id like and appreciate thas cool im listenin 2 my ipod rite now my parents play music u went offline? o really what kind? most ly folkj and country but they listened to all kinds of stuff so i had to listen also so i come to like some of it r they still playin? yeah they stillplay neat my dad rights songs alot also hm anyhting i mite have heard? not yet but maybe soon he has some people interested in them o thats real good yeah its taken him alongtime but maybe it going to work out i hope it does he needs a break sure i hope it does good for him me2 it would be really cool to hear one of his songs come on the radio ya totaly yepp so can i ask you somthing personal sure what are you wearing tonight just curious tank and shorts kewl i bet you look very nice aww ty i look tired lol i think a t-shirt with shorts is sexy makes me smile do you sleep in shorts and a shirt ? depends sometimes pj pants sometimes shorts sometimes tanks sometimes tees kewl cant wait to find out lol haha ill show ya my closet and dresser full of pjs lol i love em kewl i bet your very sexy in pjs pfft whats that for im ok i look scrubby now lol lol i dout it lol ive seen your pic i know you could never look bad haha if u say so i do i know a pretty lady when i see one haah aww ur so sweet ty you are also very sweet thats why i like you i like u 2 your sweet and nice ill be your teddy bear lol aww ill take it kewl ill give it yay i can just oick you up in my arms and carry you off lol pick haha aww that sound sweet it will be i promise im so glad me2 woo! lol woo is right yee haw and all that good stuff haha im tired but i cant sleep yeah i know the filling but you better be up and ready for me tommarow i will be ill be waiting for a great big kiss lol ooo big kiss and hug yeah i like that idea i got that for ya lol' kewl lol and more lol i hope your not to shy ? lol naw im not kewl me either im pretty open me 2 kewl i like to be straight forward me 2 kewl i hope you dont mind touching i kinda like to do that i hope you like to touch as well i do kewl i got some thin to wake you up or atleast for you to thinkabout lo lol haha ur dirty showin me those pics again lol you knew what i was going to show you i told you i only have 3 pics well maybe 4 u got more? yeah but i have to down load them to this comp a gotcha i dont have them with me right now its ok i didnt offend you by showing the dirty ones again did i naw kewl well you will get to see the real thing you know in person i kno...i hope i kno what 2 do lol lol i know you will i have faith in you aww thx i dont wanna be a dork your not i think your cool aww ty your welcome we will enjoy each other im sure im sure we will lol kewl i am ready me 2 no doubt lol kewl lol we shuld go 2 bed lol yeah we should lol are you saying your going to bed with out me lol well tonite i am ok i can live with that well good then lol lol ok go to bed and dream of the funwe will have ok i will lol ok i will also u should lol i will see you tommarrow i cant wait me either nite sweetie nite sweetness*+*21:37*+*2*+*[0.5382964453386989, 0.46170355466130114]*+*1*+*