 hi...what city? i'm m/42/los angeles...for discreet lady 13 f riverside nice pic lonely without your frieinds? yea how is school there? its ok any new friends? a coupl that's good been on yahoo long? or just myspace? i had a old pro but i cudnt chat ne more what is old pro? old yahoo profile ok..what are you into? hm i like 2 chat with my freinds in nm ok and listen to music i luv greenday thy are cool i write songs myself realy??!!!1 yes kewl i'm trying to sell them do you talk to a lot of people on line? my songs are pop rock, some adult contemporary and blues no just your buddies i take it yea ok...well be careful on yahoo some strange people lol yea do you talk about sex and things like that? you can tell me anything, it's ok i have it is fun ;) been with any boys or men? been?? in a sexy way oh lol soreta lol...kisses, touching? yea sucking? no ok.... what greenday songs do you like best? american idiot ok..how tall are you? 5'1 nice you seem like a very sweet girl i'm more your parent's age...is that ok with you? sure ok...are they cool people? i'm very open...so you can ask or talk to me about anything, ok? ok can i add you to my list? ok do you watch cams on line? i havent ok...they can be pretty sexy ok if you like that sort of thing yea i have to get going ok what's your name/ ame u stephen u comin back? great meeting you ame...if i get to know and trust you then i can give you my web site and do you have high-speed internet? yea ok,then you can hear them... i'm glad you like music do you play any instruments or sing? no :( are you smart in schhool? yea i like smart girls...where were you from in nm? santa fe that's a very nice city yea did your dad get a new job? is that why you moved? yep it happens i'm near the beach in santa monica it's beautiful here kewl ok, really have to go now ok bye and nice meeting you i might be on later tonight so pm me if you see me ok did you allow me to add you? i don't see your name on my list yes i did hmmm...doesn't show up for some reason maybe you're on invisible and don't know it anyway, pm me when you see me ok and bye for now u back? yes, hi again not gone long i made some dinner...but my wife still isn't home... oh so may have to leave quickly when she comes ok son is here...he's home from college he's upstairs watching tv his friend was visiting for a few days kewl he goes to school in new york wow we moved here from pennsylvania just this year kewl i jsut started doing more songwriting when we moved here...my background is in the but i have 13 songs on my web site nice does anyone else use your screen name? no ok your mom might not approve of you talking to men just don't want to get you or me in trouble yea that would suck ye yes what is it that you like about green day?' they sing kewl songs and they are hot ok...writing good songs is not easy...yes, being hot helps ;) you look pretty hot yourself ;;) ty are your boobs big or small? 32a ok...much hair on your pussy? not realy that's terribly sexy realy?? oh yes nothing sexier than a bald pussy that's why a lot of older women shave thier hair it's always sexy to look young ok what kind of touching have you done? just rubbing does it bother you to talk like this? if it does, please tell me...where did you rub? between his legs ok...rubbed his cock? yea did you get wet? i gues he must have liked it i'm sure was he really hard? yea he probably wanted more ;) lol ok is your brother older or younger? older also teen? was it one of his friends? hes 17 my bro ok yea ok...do me a favor, ok? click on "conversation" at the top of this window....then "preferences" then "archive" then click on "no, don't save any of my messages" ok that way there isn't a record of our talking better that way ok did you do it? yea good girl have to run by wife just got home ok i'm on later tonight if you're around ok i can see you on my list now good brb back ok but have to complete the dinner great talking to you again you to i enjoy talking to you amee you sound very sexy...you would be awesome to see naked realy?? yes...are you thin, medium or pudgy? med perfect anyone ever licked you? no it feels heavenly realy? oh yes i have to go it feels great for a guy too ttyl hi hi back in school? yea lots of homework? a lil anything new and exciting? no lol i wish ok...is your brothers friend still around sometimes? no did he feel any of you? feel?? well, you said you felt some of him yea he felt me up did you like it? yea did he feel your pussy too? got bumped ok so did he feel you below too? yea like that? yea it does feel good to both :d makes you want more yea i do it do you enjoy talking about it? cyber?? no, just in general its ok if you don't want to talk about such things just tell me, ok? ok i don't want you to feel uncomfortable ok ever see porn movies? no ok...they're pretty explicit oh can see everything ok have your girlfriends had sex? a few yea do you talk about it a lot no do you like talking about sex? a lil i like 2 just do it lol cool that would be awesome :) is it easy for you to be free? sometime ok...somehting to fantasize about we'd be a nice tight fit :) i'd like it too for realz?? would be awesome but also very risky yea do you masterbate sometimes? yea what do you think about when you do it? kissin cute guys and stuff ok...do you think about them being inside you? yea it would be awesome for you to be riding me hm how much do you weigh? 125 ok...how tall is your mom? ah 5 6 i think you'll probably start growing taller soon do you play sports? swim team fabulous....you must be in good shape yea all muscle what events do you swim? 100 mtr are you good at it? so so but im gettin better are you all muscle or muscle and a bit pudgy? :"> im a bit pudgy lol...that's ok you'll grow out of it just watch what you eat muscle weighs more than fat yea do you swim a lot? thats what ym coach say 3-4 tims a week well, you sound like you're in good shape do you wear those clothes so it shows your tummy? no :"> ok good girl ;) does brother know that you were with his friend? no ah, ok your secret our secret please don't tell anyone of our conversations... ok you're young, so i don't want to get into trouble ok i promise good girl my parents r gonna be gone this weekend i see what would you like to do? i duno im be bored lol love to see you but i don't think i could make it out there my wife is home with me this weekend... ok but maybe another time ok maybe you could come to santa monica how even if you did, not sure how long i could be free...you're brother would have to drive you i could take the dog on a long walk it's a long way to where you are :| i would have to drive out there easier for you i go to songwrtier things in the evenings and weekends sometimes ... maybe that excuse would work ok let me work on it ok not too sure if i can get away...maybe sunday morning that would rock ok where would brother be? he goes to his gfs so i would come there? sur or somewhere close by you...do you live near a shopping mall, somehting like that? i dunno just come here no one will see house or apartment? house maybe ok it would be hot you dont hafta you could play wiht my cock yea awesome ever see anyone suck cock? no could show you how when i come there oh ok if i come you have to call me first..have to hear your voice ok make sure you're real ok do you understand? yes want me to call now?? home #? or cell? you tell me are you alone? your cell is better i cant call you? if you want...now? ok we don't have to talk long...just to say hi...310-593-3349...very short... stephen right? use your cell yes ok hang on back? yea my battery went dead don't call again...that's ok ok your cell phone? if anyone asks just say it was a wrong number ok your voice is so sweet ;;) i like you aimee i like you stephen thanks you're brave what kind of work do mom and dad do? my dads a salesman and moms a dentist ah, ok why am i brave for calling oh lol :"> is your pussy wet? now you know im real yes or it's an officer of the law with a very high voice ;) we're both real you sounded scared i am scared me too very exciting though yea let me show you a pic can you see me here? ok where in this window yea ok like? yea can play with it, suck it kewl!!! like to do that? yea me too any other pics of you? no just on my pro sorry ok no problem i'm really tempted to come and see you so incredibly hot...but bro might be home...or come home...so risky he never comes home when they go out of town lol but you dont hafta maybe he'll bring over his girlfriend we'll keep talking i'd love to do it ok you can explore your first cock live and up close yum make it squirt i have to get going...will be on later tonight...is there a pay phone near where you live? or some phone other than your cell? i dont know ill look can give you a phone card numb and then it's just calling an 800 number ok then no record of call on your home or cell numb kewl ok let me get it sorry i got booted ok... anyone home? yea in your own room? yea ok...phone card is 800-498-4626, then pin is 7563-146-7043, then my number...still have it? ok yea kewl so you dial the 800#, then it will ask you for the pin, then dial my numb...call from anywhere except home got it don't use your cell either that way we can talk discreetly and just you and i will know ok kewl can you try to call me tomorrow after school? ill try don't call in the evening ok just before about 6 pm you're cool amee ok kewl ill try if you can't it's ok...i just want to talk longer with you get to know you more ok so we're both less nervous yea good i'm nervous too have you ever played sex with your girlfriends? no ok...do you ride horses? no ok...sometimes when girls ride horses their cherries break oh understand? i guess difference between virgin and non-virgin oh ok the first time you fuck, it breaks your hymen in your vagina and bleeds a little...the first time to fuck is not great, but afterward it's great...even if we get together, we don't have to do that ok did you learn all this in school? or from friends? friends or mom? ok the doc would know if you're not a virgin ok have girls you know done fucking? yes wow...young...did they like it? yea best feeling in the world did their moms find out? no when you were with your brother's friend, did he lick your pussy? or just feel it? just feel did you like the way it felt? yea did you cum? i dont think so ok...you would know it, believe me maybe you can show me how love to...and how to suck a cock would you like that? yes cool i'd love to make you cum like crazy sounds fun it feels great for a man to cum in a girl's mouth and for her to swallow it really?? it feels absolutely awesome some girls love it, some don't...the swallowing part that is...cumming in your mouth is ok...some girls spit it out ok ill try and some swallow they say it tastes a bit salty we would do those types of things first ok fucking is a big step yea sometimes people just do anal sex first...then you're still a virgin wow really?? yes a lot of women love getting fucked in the ass some don't like it...depends on how it's done ok wont it hurt have to use lubricant...make it slippery...and then slide it in slowly hurts if you do it fast with no lubrication feels great in your pussy of course yea are you wet now? thinking about it? yea it sounds fun i have to go...we'll talk later or tomorrow... ok you're very cool... great talking with you by bye hi hi you're up early cant sleep ok...getting ready for school? no school today why is that? teacher day they do work or something in service day they call it ok...well, get some sleep... have to go...ttyl maybe talk later today ok bye for now evening hey alone or is bro home? hes home righ now folks gone? yea so tempting to come over...but bro could pop in at any time :( correct? he dont usually come home ok...you didn't call today i couldnt sorry no problem we can wait if it's too soon to get together i just couldnt call thats all i know that's fine lonely? yea you can talk to me ;) ok what do you enjoy talking about? hm movies mucis what about you similar..have you seen any movies lately? also sexy things narnia was it good? yea i'd like to see it too its pretty good i saw match point, syriana, mrs. anderson presents lately...all good cool really tired today...took my son to his plane flight this morning got up at 5 am he's going to philadelphia and then new york...he really grew up in philadelphia, but then we moved here...similar to your situation so he's visiting all his friends in philadelphia tonight and for the next few days...all his hs buddies cool then back to new york have you traveled much? not really i would like to more i enjoy it too...he played in a youth orchestra in philadelphia...they went to china wow plus we took him to japan, germany, italy...he also spent 3 weeks traveling in europe nice hes lucky yes, he's traveled a lot for his age he can speak french and japanese wow he spent 9 weeks in japan this past summer a program with 60 other students he learned a lot i bet have you seen much of la yet? not really there is a lot to see here actually yea have you been to santa monica or venice beaches? no id luv to go there both of them they aren't that far from you...maybe 1 hour drive yea i cant drive thou i know what are your parents doing this weekend? a friend from college died they are going to the funeral ah, sorry to hear that...where are they going? north carlona wow...far...do they go out of town much? my dad does in sales, yes...what does he sell? drugs lol pharmacteucials or whoever you spell it i worked in sales too for awhile...and marketing too...drug company? my wife works in the pharmaceutical industry also kewl do you have a new best friend in school yet? no really? that's sad to hear...but you must have some pretty good friends a few yea do you do many things with them? sometimes what do you guys do? sometimes we go shopping sometimes to the movies we study good... things like that do they live close? yea that's good...what kind of students go to your school? what proportion are caucasian, mexican, chinese, black, that sort of thing its mostly white ok... maybe you can call tomorrow yea what time actually...easier to talk on line...i won't be alone much tomorrow...will be with wife ok so it would be awkward i'll have to let you know about sunday ok if my wife were out i'd take you around places...but not sure if i can really get away that long...because it's about an hour to get out there...and one to get back ok i'd love to take you here to the beach you'll love the beaches ... awesome i'm less than 10 blocks from the beach wow nice bug your mom and dad to come to venice and santa monica...they're right next to each ok it's an easy drive...does brother drive? yea bug him to take you too ha! we dont hang out he can treat his little sis is his friend back in nm? or here? here have you seen him again recently? no did he have funwhen he was with you? yea how did your brother react to your being together? he dont know he doesn't know no i meant use doesn't , not don't ok how will you be sure your bro is out sunday? he will go to his girlfriends house sat night all night? yea wow maybe can come tomorrow night ok what's address? hmm you really going to come? not sure yet it would be the right time though yea damn...so tempting would you want me to? yea let's talk tomorrow ok i'd like to really? me to yes...let me confirm tomorrow ok exciting do all those fun things :) yea first just talk i'll probably be on tomorrow afternoon ok around 4-6 pm ok i will get in to on good...brb... ok just got some good news two of my songs have advanced to the next level in an international songwriting contest wow nice!! yes, makes me happy i had one song that was in the semifinals in the uk songwriting contest really? yes...but there were a lot of semifinalists oh i bet it is good enough to win i hope so but the competition is very stiff maybe you can make me stiff ;) lol yea maybe that would be very easy yea? very cool i have to get some other things done... ok maybe i'll be on a little later...if i don't see you tonight, then tomorrow pm ok :-* >:d*+*19:54*+*2*+*[0.7913287585776668, 0.20867124142233312]*+*1*+*