 ur so cute ty yvw sexy guess u hate where u live good guess lol im sorry...why do ya hate?  and where would ya live if ya could someplace warm dont blame ya there....been to damn cold i know i cant believe it i know...i hate it,,,im ready for spring me 2 have ur b/f take ya away i dont got 1 damnnnnnnn...someone so sexy...hard to beleive whats ur asl? 47/m/west bend....sorry for flirting with ya oh its ok.  i was bored anyway 14 f appleton nice to meet ya im jessie michael hi michael hey jess well even if u had a b/f...dont think he could take ya away just yet...lololol yea i dont want a bf now anwyay good for u...there a pain at ur age yeah i know did ya have one? yeah what happened? he cheat on me with my gf fool....im sorry...that sucks yeah well he wasnt good enough for ya then LOL i know he is a loser....u still friends with the girl HELL no good,,,she is a loser also i know she a skank u married? nope how come been divorced for a long time...havent found right girl...wasnt really looking how come u got a divorce brb ok she was a know it all...bitch...i knew i made a mistake right after i said i do...sad...lolol...ok ok back sorry I-) sorry was away from computer its ok so i guess ur michael yes i am nice guess ;) no it says michael nuernberg now Michael Nuernberg: nice guess see i know,,,im messing with ya i wonder when yahoo started doin that lol thats hella weird while ago....i hate it oh ok so did u eat dinner not yet,,,u yup what did ya have tuna helper cool...any left???  im hungry yep half of it but it was kinda gross ok then ill pass and go hungry  lol lol what ru gonna make not sure steak! mmmmmmm u gonna make it for me no lol i cant cook lolololol...ok...guess im back at hungry again lol u look like a cop in ur pic lololol i know i hear that all the time i bet! so it says ur a manager im a manager of a parts department at a new car dealership oh ok do u like it its ok...been doing this type of work for over 20 yrs u watch that show king of cars dont think so,,,what is it about? acar dealership in vegas dont think i ever seen that,,is it funny yeah it really is have to watch,,,when is it on i dunno we dvr it ok... theyre the best car dealership in the us and its a reality show they film there i gotta find it hang on ill tell u k ur a sweetie next one is on 10:00 a on 2/13 ok ty' ur welcome :) ur a hunnie pie lololol lol bet u never been called a hunnie pie i dunno lol.  sweetiepie i think been used ok ur that also whooo so u got kids? 2 daughters 25 22 aww they got kids? not yet cool what r their names ***** and ******** ****** is a cool name ty yw u have brothers and sisters i got a sister shes at UW madison nice... beautiful like u im sure shes real pretty thought so,,,,so r u lol am not im sure u r well ty ;;) ur welcome hunnie pie lol u have a pic? on prof oh yeah forgot ur hot thx i got 2 more if u want em please k how click send file on top did that work? yes nice pics hella cool im the one with the blonde hair ur very cute] ty u got any? aww those ur kids ? yes :) ty so what else so did ur b/f have sex with ur friend? yup what a dick he was bastard lol i know were u having sex with him? um....... u gotta be careful hun well i aint doing it now good lol too young im 14 lots of ppl are doing it now i know,,,its scary... br b one sec ok ok ok back ok so wht ru doing this weekend anything fun not really....no plans...u me either went 2 walmart 2day woohoo wow...funzzzzzzz,,,wish i did,,,lolol llol i got a game i dunno how 2 play but it was $4 whats it called mancala (I had to read the box sideways) lol neva heard of it i use  2 play it in grade school oh just a couple of years ago..lolol lol right lololol what do u do for fun at ur age besides sex hang out party go 2 the mall yanno cool...u seem like ur the cool kid in school lol nah lol...im sure u r u got lotsa friends? not really...u some what is ur fave tv show house, boston legal,greys anatamy,my name is earl, oh u know i just started watching house its a great show he is really good very good yeah i have one on the list 2 watch the first one i saw was wher that girl got raped now that was good,,, he showed some emotion in that one Id never seen it b4 is he usually just kind of mean? always that show he showed he could be a nice guy how long has it been on ? couple of years,,,ask for ur birthday or xmas for the cvd's of past seasons...u will love em dvd's lol ok what else do u watch hogan knows best extreme home makeover um medium american idol? no i hate that mean judge lol i love that show u seen that interview with paula bdul where she was al wasted? yes very sad but i do her...lololol lol she looked like she was hainv lots of fun but jeez yes...but she made of fool of herself u knw it wouldve been ok if she just said that shed been drinking yup...it will all blow over im sure yup is he the only guy u had sex with? yeah ok i dunno what the big deal for everybody is, it hurt what hurt? sex usualy does first time oic just did it once? 2x hurt both times lol lol...im sorry,,,u probaly wasnty wet enough,,, im sure i wasnt doing something right lol...u have to have foreplay..u must be very wet down there before he sticks it in u yeah who else knows u had sex? just a couple friends ssshhhh. wont hear it from meeee lol ok lol >:D awww >:D ty church 2morro? probaly not,,,but should lol say a prayer for me lol ok ur a hunnie pie lol i am! yes u am :) what are u doing  sexy hunnie reading about anna nicole ok ru online alot? more than i should probaly lol ok good i gotta get off this before i get yelled at ok hunnie x0x0x0 :-* talk soon >:D :x hello cutieee hey how ru awesome and u real good thanks thats cool whats going on...did ya say a prayer for me lol sure did ur a hunnie pie for suire now what did u do last night fell asleep watching tv...u lol did u i watched tv what? iw atched tv too what did ya watch hmm.  moving up iron chef what the hell is that...lololol 2 shows never heard of stuff u watch.. lol u need to get out more? i know ur right lol back 2 work 2morro> yes school for u yup what do ya wanna be when u grow up a vet awesome except im allergkic 2 cats lol well that might be a problem lol u think? could hurt business yeah i know well i'll be a dog vet there ya go...ill take my dog to ya if i had one..lol no dog?? :( no animals How come? i work to many hours for the pet to be all alone all day... what hours do u work i usually leave around 7 in the morning and get home around 6 a cat would be ok with that i rather have a dog....if i had a cat u couldnt come and visit well thats true so cats r out now awww lol i can be around cats but i can't rub my eyes if i pet em ok...dont wanna take teh chance,,,cats are out...lol ur not allergic 2 anything? nope lucky i know,,,maybe im allergic to u??? lol i dont think so me either...thought i ask tho,,,i wanna be safe...lololol :) :x so how come u gotta work so many hours im a manager i guess...besides i dont have a cat to come home too...lololol oh so u gotta get thre before everybody else not always...but i like to get there early to set my day up... is ur work really busy it can be some days,,,it varys cool who is ur best friend sarah who is urs? u i am?? yes,,,i just decided awww thats awesome who wouldnt want a hunnie pie for a best friend,,,it was a no brainer choosing u :D did u do laundry i did some yesterday,,,might do another load today...have to iron a some pants...wanna do it for mr me sure how much u payin? what do ya want lol j/k :( u could take ur pants 2 dry cleaner i could...easier to do at home,,,ur have u do them for $$ i suck at ironing lol ill take teh chance lol' lol u ever had sea monkeys? huh?? sea monkeys as a pet? for dinner? LOL they r really brine shrimp cant say that i have,,,,u? http://www.sea-monkey.com/ i just got em ur into some weird stuff...lololol theyre not weird! lolol....ok...strang noooo they are pets im reading about them now :D just watched the movie,,,weird little creatures lol theyre cute noit as cute as u awww! ur teh cutestttt well tyvm ;;) ur very welcome sexy pie so what u wanna talk about anything ur pretty little face wants too.. it dont matter 2 me whats some ? u always wanted to ask an adult but were maybe afraid to ask hmm i dont think i have any oh really...would of thought u would no my dad is pretty open cool i like to hear that yep u got quest 4 me? u masturbate no didnt think so only losers do that lololol well i guess im a loser...i wont bother ya anymore...lol.sorry lol whoops its ok u will feel different when u get really thats crazy well its true... i believe u im sure ur mom and dad has...dont asked them but im sure they did,,,lol lol i aint asking good...i wouldnt hey dad do u jerk it...lolololololol ewwwwwwwww lololol sorry very funny ur reaction :)) and ill bet someday u will also i will what do it oh that boy u had sex with did he cum? i thinkso? where? ? was he wearing a comdom yeah ok cool yeah i dont wanna get pg good. im sure u didnt cum how can u tell well u said it hurt...did it hurt the whole time yah then u didnt cum,,,,u would of felt so good and had such an awesome feeling down there and u would of been so wet down from Yeah i guess i didnt he didnt take his time,,,he just stuck it in yeah and it hurt u werent ready,,,,he should of stuck a finger in u at first real slow to get u excited i guess ur right did u lick him? no ok... i swear it wa all over in like 2 seconds too bad no fun for u nope only happended twice yeah same thing both times yep it was awful how far apart...2 days 3 days ? i dont know where did ya do it in his car how old is he 16 were u afraid of getting caught nah hw old were u when u did it i was 9 when the 14 yr old babysitter did it with me 9??? yup...very weird shit sounds awful at the time it was fun i had no idea what was going on,,,but it wasnt cool :( im sorry ty,,,its ok...ur a sweetie...at least im not that much of a weirdo because of it did u tell nope i think someone found out because she never babysitted again thats hella creepy lol...very weird.... yeah i guess u dont want me to show u how to have sex....lololololo it hurts i dont wanna do it no more lololol u will again someday i dont think so lol it still hurts now? no ok...whew....thought u might have a problem no just hurt for a couple days u just need someone to show u how to do it right i guess ill show ya if u want show me what? how to do it right really if u wanted y would u wanna do that ur a cutiee and sweet and sounds like u need help awww u r so nice ty u r also ty! yvw,,,just let me know if u wanna for real? yes u dont think ur 2 old  4 me i am,,,and if u didnt wanna its cool... u been with other girls my age? nope never oh ok so why me? u seem very nice and sweet ` i am :) im waiting 4 my aunt 2 come over shes buying our van cool lol yup hey whats  ur favorite movie crash was very good i dont think i saw that its very good whose in it ? http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/1144992-crash/dvd.php?select=2 oh ok thanks its awesome i just saw pursuit of happyness like it no lol not enough hapyness lolol lol is that will smith yup and his son i wanna see that well its 2 hours of sad and 1 min of happy did u cry no lol i cried yesterday when i watched um.... oh iforget the name of the movie.. the one on 9/11 world trade center?? yeah when they took him out of there didnt see it yet looks good it was brb ok my ant is here k hey hunnie ill b back in a bit,,,x0x0 ok wb ty sexy u miss me' yea whered u go just did some things around the house.. yea i  prolly should do sme stuff too ok....we can chat later if u wanna hunnie lol im not doing anything now didnt u just say u probaly do some stuff also..lolol yeah im lazy 2day lol me too :) sou would meet me someday to show u how to have sex? really?  how would we do that not sure,,,can u get out of the house? for how long not long...im not going to have sex with u but i can show u somethings that will help next time oh like what maybe slide some fingers in u,,,play with ur clit to show u how wet u can get oh show like what it s supposed 2 feel yes im scared u think im dumb cause i dont know  how 2 do anything noooooooooooo u shouldnt know....its cool ok ur not dumb i guess i thik im pretty smart in other things but not this kind of stuff u know i dont know how much ur suppsed 2 know when ur 14 its cool...u r a smart girl...i can tell thx not much... ok r u all alone now not really ok so where u gonna show me all this? not sure,,,guess we will have to see...my car maybe' u got a cool car? 06 pontiac grand prix sounds nice what color is it red? white lol oh lol do u like it yes...its very nice i wish i could drive ill let ya drive that day in a parking lot whooo wheeeee! we will find an empty lot for ya to drive cool theres some around here ok be fun for ya :) what are u doing watching tv you? what weird show are u watching now LOL yogi bear seeeeeeeeeeeeeeee lol yogi's cool, yo boo boo is booboo rocks lololol :)) will u get naked for me lol right now?> lol nooooo in ur car??? yes brrrrrr heat will be on ppl will see we will find a good spot u sure ur safe 2 be with yes im very cool....u will see...promise i know but u gotta be careful theres really scary guys on net im glad to see ur careful...u better be yeah good.....u probaly should be saying no u will not see me... ok no i wont see u good thats teh answer u should be saying ok nice knowin u bye ok =; :( what? ur suppse to say no dont go or somethin lol...ur right and i wanted too,,, but? why dont u want me to go? because we r best firend remember yes we are hunnie....ur my hunnie pie :) i knew u wanted to get naked for me...lol im actuallie pretty shy thats good would u let me put a finger inside of u does it hurt npe it probaly will make u cum the way i will do it ur real good at ithuh yes...u will like it k so u wanna that all ur gonna do? what else would u want ur the expert u wanna cum thats ssupposed 2 feel good yes,,,u will love it :) i can lick u also if u want i got no idea what id' want ok...guess u will hve to trust me yea i guess so scared? a little dont blame ya ru? yes...ill probaly chcken out anyways LOL :-SS least ur straight with me i like that ill never lie to ya...ill always tell u the truth good thats all i want well u got hunnie i know 2 many boys that just straight up lie im sure there are many,,,i wont ,,,dont beleive most boys ur gae hunnie ok i dont wanna go 2 school 2morro why because mondays always suck i hate mondays also they have our tests on mondasys 2 so im always studying on sun did u study already yeah good :) :-*:-* :-* ty baby yw i broke a nail :( im sorry baby,,,:-* the boo boo lol tyty what ru doin now masturbating oh... j/k ;) ur 2 quiet sorry baby its ok im hungry i wanna take u out to eat ok where we goin where ever u wanna go u know appleton? nope...ill take directions from u how far ru from heere are u serious...u wanna go out lol no i cant 2nite bu t i didnt know how far ur from here an hour i think ok whever u want huh whenever u want to go out just tell me i dunno whens ok for u? anytome it is for u,,,,ill make teh time do u really wanna? yes :) well u work in the week so i guess the weekend sometiime? cool can u get out of the house for a while when on weekends yeah my dads a realtor so he has open houses ok :) >:D >:D ok well i shoudl get off this for a while ok baby...me too...ill misss ya ill miss u 2 ty talk to ya soon sexy yup im usuallie on at night when im on ok x0x0x0 :x miss me??? yes! have u really? yup whre ya been? been busy...sorry...missed u also its cool whats new studying for a algebra exam lol u awesome,,,wont bother ya...just wanted to say hello...tell u i miss u ver much bother me im sick of studyin im sure u r...u like when i bother u i like talkin with u :) why sweetie cos ur fun and nice ty ur a sweetie ty so ru ty so whats new with u not to much,,,busy at work... yea u had problems there? what? busy with problems? no not really...just with different well sucks that ur busy i hope its not 2 hard for u nope...im not hard...yet...lol lol happy valentines day ty,,,ur so sweet :x Happy Valentines Day :x to my sexy friend did u get me anything? :D me if u want it lol i mean like flower or candy or something u will have to meet me to get it so u did! yup whatwhatwhat have to wait hunnie until u see me lol ok ur my hunnie sweetie pie >:D >:D :D awww ty yvw sexy sweetheart i dont think im sexy i do ur very pretty ty ;;) yvw hunnie u watch house with the kid and the toothpick? yes i just watched it lol it was good watch it last night? no i t was taped theres anothr one on there with some girl that dont feel pain that i have 2 watch its very good my new fave show lol...cool...ur my fave :-* ty baby yw when can i see u when do  u want 2 whenever u want well when is ok 4u any weekend hunnie this weekend? ok ru serious? i am if u r i am but u said u would chcken out doing something sexual i would...maybe just get something to eat,,just to meet fooooood u ok with taht i like food cool id have 2 be able to walk there i can pick u up public place 1st if its ok with u i gotta be careful 2 i wouldnt have it any other way....i want u to feel safe i herd 2 many stories about bad guys u know im glad ur cautious do u like subway? yes theres one near here if u want 2 go therre whatever makes it easy for u hunnie okay juist get me the address so i can mapquest it ok ill get the fone book ok ru excited i am i am,,,should be fun im real nervousa tho nervous its cool to be,,,im a very nice guy,,,u will be safe ru gonna be my bf? what do u mean? boyfriend for that day? for any day i guess i dont know how u feel hunnie im 47 and ur 14,,,that might be tough ok is that what u want? i dunno what i want i wanted 2 kow what U wantee wanted lets see what happens sweetie ***************** what city appleton cool im excited i am  2 nice,,,,what would u like to happen that day hunnie well eat food lol that all? i dunno how long will u be stayin intown for as long as u want me ru comin sat or sun sat ok like noon? k,,,sounds good omgomgomg ? i cant believe ur coming here why i dunno so what is ur fave sub i like the club meatball mmmmmmm with cheeese u can anythjing u want :D anything u name i its urs roses? i loveeeee flowers urs wait i cant hide roses LOL 1 rose i can put in a book or somthing ok lolol we can do that no way so what do u wanna do after lunch not sure,,,whatever u want hunnie i can show u around town nice like that k u wlll be my escort lol escortess lol nice :) be fun yep what time u have to be home prollie by 5 that ok? ok good ru tired little...yes...u? yea gettin there :( get some baby we can chat rtomorrow ok rest x0x0x0 ill miss u ill miss u more baby' nite nite sexy x0x0 ru having problems why do u ask? cos ur on off on off im ok...i just rebooted...its all cool...ty oh ok ok whats going on nothing how was ur day it was good,,,ty,,,how was urs? really good ty awesome... :) think of me? yea did u thi nk of me yes...i did,,,just a little nervous...i dont wanna get in trouble seeing u on saturday ok dont come if u dont want 2 wow///just like that yea i dont want u 2 be scared 2 meet me thats not good ur not a cop are u? no ru??? lol nope lol now u got me thinkin what about? if ur a cop i am in hella trouble im really not,,,honest,,,if ur a cop i could be in more trouble... i aint a cop , honest me either well there u go lol ok...i feel betterer cos ifur a cop u have 2 tell me right i think thats the law...im not honest ok good ur very sweet ur 2 ty,,,,i try to be ur i feel real comfortble with u ty...im really a sweet charming guy modest 2 lol lol...well i guess it sounds cocky,,,but i really am...u willl see i already see ty >:D >:D what did u think about me 2day just hoped it was cool that im going to see u saturday...then i thought it just to have lunch...no harm in that yeah what did u think? i thought about being with u nice....like how? well first iw as thinkin bout the stuff u said ur gonna show me in ur car then i got real nervous well we dont have to do any of that at all i mean if we meet 4 food thats ok and if somethin else happens like the car stuff it would be only if we was ok with that right i dont have 2? nope....we dont have to do anything but eat and talk...thats cool with me u said u were gonna teach me stuff  that'll come later affter we both find out we are not cops? well we will se about that...lets just plan on some lunch and chat ok cool :) cant wait to see ya hunnoie i know me 2 im so excited cool >:D nice...for u also i like it when supernanny says 'thats unacceptible" lol lol she make sme laugh ur cute u think i am ?  i dont i do,,,ur very pretty well ty i think u look nice 2 and ur daughtrs are beautiful ty...ur very sweet yvw how much u weigh? 100 im short :( tiny yea is that ok of course ok what else u wanna kno w just tell me things u think i would care about i dont know what u care abouut i got blonde hair lol what else brown eyes i wear contacts cool yea i got green blue and orange contacts LOL nice,,,bet u look sexy in them thorange ones r for halloween :D sexy ill model em for ya lol i like that,,,u trying to turn me lol by orange contacts?? lololol teasing ya i was gonna say manu turn on easy lol ur cute lolol how tall ru 5'6 what color r ur eyes brown eyes omg we r twinz :P lol yes we are,,,except u have more hair than me lol lol yea i do u want some of mine ?? ty awesme ur sweet lol ok im out of stuff 2 ask lololol bored already lol lol u ask and gimmee time 2 think of stuff what would u like to see hapen between us in time? well thats more up 2 u what do ya mean i dont know what u want good point....not what u want either huh ooops not sure what u want either welli really like u cool ur so sweet' do u like me yes what do u want 2 happen over time wit u and me not sure,,,just be friends and go from there ok :-* :-* i like the kissy guys lol lol u do do ya i do where do ya liked to be kissed my neck tickles lol where do u like my neck also twinz! yes again...lol lolol when ur birthday sept 5 urs may23 what does that make u gemini o ur two faced huh lololol guess so u im a virgo nice brb ok ok ok back u got bros or sis 3 brothers and a sister ru the baby oldest ur mom and dad alive nope,,,both past away about a year and half ago aww im sorry ty,,,but its ok...both were very what did they die from heart failure :( ty but its ok... ok ur turn whats the size of ur family my dad and my sis and me how old is sis 21 cool... wheres mom? she died im so sorry...when? how? long time ago she hd cancer had wow...very sorry,,,,how old were ya 7 dad never remarried? nah he dates alot real skanky girls good for him lol well not good lol what does ur sis do? shs in college shes good for her yeah :) ru from wis nope massachusetts why did u move here to seee u :D no really why job,,,i carmax in kenosha hired me when i was living in NJ and moved me to kenosha,,, hey we got a car from carmax really yu'p in kenosha no where il somewhere well i worked at the naperville one also is there one in elgin shaumburg,hillside, rockford? nope bah i dont know alot about il lol when was ur last gf ***************** lol ok not for a long time....many years....wasnt loooking for oine ok u fall aslep over there? asleep im here baby ur turn how big ur boobes? not big enuf :( lololol im sure they are no they will grow i hope so!!!!!!!!!!! im sure ur sis have big ones? yea there ya go mine like 32 bareeeeeeeeeeeely lol dont worry about them now,,,u have plenty of time yea but my frends are getting em ya know ooops. sorry LOL i hate that thing 'me too...i hate when someone messages me then buzzes me...grrrrrrrrrrr yeah like they dont give u time 2 answer i mean i type real fast but man i know....ill just ignore them if they buzzz me yup what els eu only asked me 1 mmmmm lets see are u going to order any cookies saturday at subway? no know why? ? becuz subway make s cookies and my dadz office makes the same ones for free :D lolol freebiesssss yea !!! ok welli better get off this thing ok hunnie are we talkin again b4 sat tomorrow? ok wat time same  time i guess 6-7 if not ill see u saturdat at 12 u for sure coming yes ok dont forget my prez :D:D:D lololol ok ur cute lol ok nite nite babe nite hunnie x0x0x0 dont say hi??? :( I did! when? when i got on i sent a huggy guy never got it baby >:D ty,,,i was sad aww dont be sad babe how was ur day it was busy but ok...how was urs was too long i wanted 2 get back home 2 talk wit u lol stop...no u didnt I did why was that sweetie cos im getting excited why are u getting excited sweetie for 2morro u r? yea ur not? i am hunnie....who wouldnt be :D :-*:"> :-* so i guess u been thinking about it yep have u yes...what were ya thinking wsa wonderin if u were really gonna show lol i will...just for lunch.... i cant stay on the puter my dads bein a dick im sorry hunnie its ok ill see u 2morro at noon ok bye hunnie bye bye*+*15:44*+*2*+*[0.5123998473864937, 0.4876001526135063]*+*1*+*