 hi would you like to chat? hi to u too asl 23/m/louisville you 13/f/like right next door lol cool do u have a pic? yeah do you? yeah me and my niece can i see one of you? sure is that ur baby? nope you have any besides that? or a cam? no cam but a few more can i see? do u have more? r u married? dont have any of just me, just me and my niece, no i am single i'm not married either lol u're cute i love love love ur smile thanks, so are you tyvm do u really think so? yes do u have a gf? would like to see more pics no i am totally singkle single i don't have a gf either lol i would hope not yeah, sorta don't like girls like that that is good so my name is jonalyn what's urs? damon oooh, i like that name thank you i guess i shouldn't say it's pretty but, well it is lol gee thanks lol so what are you looknig for on here? i dunno i'm bored out of my head my mom is gone for the weekend and i thought it would be sooooo cool to have her gone but, eh, i'm just bored lol i hear ya, i need excitement myself yeah me too lol you name it whatcha mean? whatcha wanna do? i dunno i'm always up for something fun well i am up for anything, you name it well, i don't know anyone here, so cos i'm new i don't know anything around me well what kinda stuff do you like to do? so i don't really know what to do i'm in to gymnastics but i haven't found a gym cool so no gym no coach no bf no fun it pretty much sucks to be me lol sucks in the bad way lol totally not good lol i know so what r u gonna do today? not much b i wait trying that again b o r i n g true well give me something to do hang out with someone u're not new,right? right so u probably got someone u can hang out with not really u're lucky like that i need something exciting to do something different what do u think is exciting? i dont know whatever if u don't know what's exciting then u can't do it just fun okay what's fun? pretty much anything at this point need a girl lol yeah me too lol well, lol maybe not a girl lol a guy? what for? would be better lol lol well if you had a guy what would you do? i dunno whatever he wanted i guess he's the guy he decides we do no not always yeah always that's whatmy mom says if i told you i will come over and hang with you, but only if you decided what we do, then what would we do i dunno whatcha bringing with u? just me no alcohol or anything nope, just me hmmm i guess i'd have to know what u think would be fun and then i could pick and choose we would have to entertain ourselves well, if u're not gonna tell me what u like, then i guess we'd just watch movies or something i mean u're hte guest i would want u to be happy but if u rn't gonna say what will make u happy then u're stuck i dont know if we could really do anything saying you are so young though i'm not that young i'm not a little girl i mean, i'm teeny tiny cos i'm into gymnastics and stuff my it's not like i play with barbies but you are young, and most stuff i would like to do right now, dont know if it would be appropriate well what stuff is that? and never mind appropriate.. whatever u mean by that... have fun lol i think it would be fun, but i dunno lets just say it would be physical lol but i dont konw if you would even do anything like that so you still there? yeah so what r u asking? are you into stuff like that at all? ? or did i offend you? no you never did answer i guess you are not i am well what do you like to do? ? brb 1sec at least tell me if you are interested in something maybe ? i'm interested sorry i had to let my dog in its ok you up for something today? he was barkingout side totally whatcha want to do? what do you like to do? well u're the guest we'll do whatever u want well what have you done as far as that goes? as far as what goes? a guy and girl oh well i've only been with one guy but how far did you go? promise not to tell? damon? yes promise? yes i do promise not to think bad of me? yes i do promise hon ? all the way, i guess nothing wrong with that would you do that again? did you like it? well yeah today lol, jk well only if u really mean it i do if you want to really? yeah do you have any other pics you can send? u want to go all the way with me? yeah if you want can i see well what do u want? what do you mean well, u're the guest well i wanna see more pics of you, and i would go all the way with you if you want you still there? how close to louisville are you? i'm in louisville i go to holy cross lol cool but hey, but if we go all the way wont i get pregnant? i will bring protection so you dont and there is other ways of doing stuff ,without actually doing that too like what? we both have hands, and mouths, we can get creative and it wont'  hurt right? no it may at first if we actually do that but only at first any other pics? ? can you discribe your body? 4'10 like 80 something pounds coach liked me at 82 but i think i'm more like 86 nice do you have any pics with less clothing? no new computer k was hoping to put my gymanstics ones on but no brb, gotta let the dog out k well if you wanna do this give me your address and we can get together so do you want to? sorry stupid dog ran down the street lol had to go gethim lol lol so are you really up for this? yeah is that bad? no nothing wrong with it cos u're just so freaking cute and u're so nice to me... dont' treat me like a little girl i love that well you said it yourself, you are not a little girl you are down right hot if i may say so really? ty soo  much oh yes so what all have you done sexually? well, i've only been with one the guy so why? just curious do you want me to come over? didn't u want to? yes i do cool when? when do u want to? well i have something to do at 6 tonight, so i could come now and we could do this if you want you should answer the door with little to nothing on lol jk um how long will it take u to get here? i need an address so i know how to get there lol that might help 124 e collins ct it's a brick house.. just park in the back, on the grass near the tree u're gonna drive right? yes cool what kind of car do u have? an eclipse cool love those what color? do u have a black one? purple that's even hotter it will be black after the paint job oh well black and purple they're totally hot colors on cars lol do u have a cell phone so u can call me if u get lost? lol no i dont so will you answer the door with little to nothing on lol? that's cool, do u want my number though sure edited k um, well, the door bell doesn't work so u can just let urself in and i'll be in my room if i don't hear u with exactly what u want me to wear lol how long will it take u to get here? i would like you to answer the door 30 to 45 but ifi don't hear it? i'll leave it unlocked so u don't even have to knock if i hear u, i'll come meet u, kay? just wait by the door ok okay so u're leaving now? in a few, what will you be wearing? um, i need to get in the shower really quick, but right now i'm wearing a blue sweatshirt and jeans sessy huh? what will you be wearing when i get there? something comfy lol like? i dunno pick i dont know what you have i'll find something ;) hurry nothing and a smile works too lol lol kay that's easy enough don't have to match lol will you do that ? if u really want me to yeah kay am i coming to the front or back door? front the back door has a bunch of stuff stacked in front of it cos we just moved and you are by yourself right? lol yeah are you exccited? yeah totally me too waiting for u to say u're on ur way i will be in a min chopchop dammit lol ok so get ready ok see u in a fwe few lol go ok, be ready i will bye*+*12:42*+*2*+*[0.4533898305084746, 0.5466101694915254]*+*1*+*