 hola are you really 14? hi yea no way you look older why u say that thx i guess its not a bad thing :-) except you probably get hit on my older guys yea some but i dont mind how old r u uhm lol lol uhm? exactly im just talkin relly i dont mind if yur older so just say im 33 thats kewl guys my age r dorks yeah immature u in oh? yeah yea very which department are you with huh? greenville? department? police lol u think im a cop? id be stupid not to hahahahaha i cant believe the idiots who keep trying that shit yea the cops are hirin 14 year olds now no, they pose as 14 year olds who does? cops? cops everywhere heck yeah i never met no cops here its in the news every other week of course they're not gonna tell you then how u know besides, they're looking to bust pervs not you i hear about it on the news xenia cops do it all the damn time well i dont know wat to tell ya, im no cop ok never been to xenia just checkin lol im in west milton since you asked wheres that hm... do you get out of gville much its only like 20-25 min away yea i've heard of it just not sure where it is take 571 east, you run right into it jog at mcdonalds kewl so not far nope hicksville just like greenville haha greenville is hickville big time tell me bout it big damn belt buckles and boots lol yea u been here i can see lol yep you dont act 14 either hows that well, your vocabulary and typing skills for one too good or too bad lol good nobody ever said that before well they're not too perceptive then i chat wit friends all the time an we all type like this i guess thats all you do now isnt it i forget that huh? blog, chat ha everyone does it nah i do more than that but yea do a lot of chattin too what else...are you in the band school band? nah heh i was jk kind of funny though play any sports? some softball cool how bout u basketball, volleyball, softball basketball now every week late summer, we play softball i suck at basketball i love it probably my fave u tall 6' how tall are you 5 4 good height too short for bball could be a guard wat do they do handle the ball mainly, outside bring it up the floor, assist too bad you're not older thats wat i say at least you can hold a conversation lol yea i can talk nobody ever acused me of not talkin well i gotta go get something to eat k nice chattin ya holla at me again k later laterz you on? hi hey, whats up not much wat u doin chillin u sure you wanna be talkin to a cop ;-) haha u dont relly think im a cop do u? im not doing anything wrong, why should i care who knows mebbe the fbi come tap your phone or sumthin lol lol i dont even have a phone they can tap...only a cell can they tap those? they would have to get it from me, but a bug in it, and get it back without me knowing or they could just listen in i think they can do that on cell phones guess that be kinda hard so you smoke? u mean pot or cigs either lol yea to both you're naughty arent you sometimes ;-) im not like some big time pot head but i like it now an then yeah, ive done it before not often im looking at your myspace u like? hedonist? lol heh you really are naughty yeah i like it do you have a bf nah we broke up couple weeks ago i wasnt thinking about having a gf when i was 14 relly? i dont think so what grade you in 8 interesting, you have a 35 year old on your myspace friends not everybody i know has gf/bf but i'd say most yea hes kinda a cool dude cool you met him? not yet going to? mebbe he lives a ways away but was thinkin of stoppin over sometime so you like older guys? guys my age are dorks well yeah i agree how old r u? i forget 33 so pretty close to him yeah i have more hair :p lol yea hes kinda shortchange in that area yeah i see that did i show you a pic no got one? how you want it email i guess let me try to put it on the window k or if its on a web somewhere u can just link can you see that yea its tiny retarded kewl yur a lot cuter than that other guy :-) lol thanks people say i look better in person too i guess thats good most people do i do you're cute in the pics thx :-) yw but i gotta get better ones thats terrible lipstick i was wearin you're beautiful without any makeup haha thats wat u think i can tell you have good features thx but im fugly without at least a little makeup every girl thinks that if it makes you feel more attractive, thats the important thing :) well mebbe but some more true than others a gf of mine looks hot with none at all but i gotta have a little at least ok so what is your name? erika yurs? cool john hi john hi erika, nice to meet you ld :d ld? sorry, typo...meant : d oooh lol lol so what did you do last night not much... hung out online a while, tv, booooored bored sucks i went out with my friend andrew and watched basketball are your parents divorced was it fun yeah it was ok divorced and remarried ok whoa! way better pic! lol thanks wow yur hot dude :-) thanks :"> u got a myspace page? no i dont yet i have a xanga, but its anonymous :p i got a bunch more pics but u gotta be signed up to see em hm, i might have to get one then oh wait i got em somewheres else hold on my bro put em here for me http://www.putfile.com/chickygrrrrl brb k nice pics! you're a hottie yourself :"> ive seen that keith guy online before in chat relly? yeah, he used to go to the dayton room and ohio:5 too well, not sure about ohio 5 but dayton room for sure didnt know there was a dayton romm there was before they shut down user rooms oh one of those which was totally gay yea that sucked some of those rooms was relly wierd no doubt wow u just full of pics today! haha i like that 1 too thanks an yur right, u got more hair than whats his name yep so how is he planning on stopping by...wont your parents frown on that there gone til sun nite oh ok but we didnt make real plans thats convenient he just sorta mentioned it did you tell him you're a cop lol yea an it relly turned him on lol lol guys always like hot chicks with guns an badges ya know i think it might be more about handcuffs lol u got cops on the brain dude! im just playin k my friend just called, wanted to know if i want to go to bw3 and watch basketball hmmmm besides he didnt say nuthin sexual or nuthin ok so u gonna go watch bball i dont know i dont really feel like it so wat u do instead tonite i dont know, what you wanna do didnt expect that did you dunno... was sposed to go partyin wit some gfs but they it fell apart was a little surprising from u yea how does that work, you cant drive one of them dates an older guy oh ok an hes the one that bailed out how old is he like 17 18 i think ok senior so is she big stuff the guys think shes hot yea must be troy my ex bf was 19 cool how did you meet him at a party with frnds u relly need a myspace for all those pics ya know yeah ill get one eventually its easy i know way better than xanga i like the layout of xanga better...myspace is so scattered but i like myspace comments better but xanga seems like its full of little kids like 10 yers old and stuff most people i know on there are my age or maybe mid to upper 20s well mebbe just seems like i always saw lots of little kids there little kids huh lol well wuldnt u call 10 a little kid? well yeah some people would think you are too i guess but they dont know me you're right about that much it sux bein 14 i could swear you're like 19 at least people treat u like yur a kid but guys always starin at my butt an stuff lol lol so that must mean you have a nice butt so ive been told ;-) how did you know thats my weakness lol i didnt til now lol i think i do alright in a pair of jeans now im curious but ill have to take your word for it yea sorry i dont have any butt pics :-( lol i didnt mean that although i wouldnt complain anyway...so what are you doing tonight wat did u mean? in person oooh well yur convinced im the fbi anyways lol lol dunno wat im gonna do tonite any ideas? so let me get this straight your parents left you there by yourself? wit bro but he took off to see his gf in cincy how old is he 19 oh ok that makes sense no biggie i been stayin by myself a couple years right where did they go chicago some conference of my dads so they both went to like have a romantic wekend or sumthin ahhh how nice i dont throw parties here so they dont mind relly long as i dont end up in jail or nuthin cool bro did that once an dad kicked his ass lol so do you live with your real mom or dad real mom remarried when i was like 6 so he seems like real dad tho thats good real dads in cali so i hardly ever see him does that suck or dont you care doesnt matter much i hardly know him relly yeah, i can understand that my parents are together and i have a really big family so its hard for me to relate thats cool kinda rare almost tho thats why im asking so many questions yeah it is unfortunately shrug it is wat it is yep what do you feel like doing well......... mainly wish i had a bf to come over an keep me company ;-) or a party to go to or sumethin greenvilles soooo dead watch movies or somethin? zzzzzzzzz lol what do you mean then cmon u know oooh but you dont have a bf no :-( sucks for you then lol no kiddin wish we lived in dayton or someplace wit sumthin to do nothing to do there either gotta be more than here except maybe oregon district true is there a place over there called bumpers or something an this is a big creepy house when yur alone awww well i wouldnt mind hanging out yea i think theres a bar called bumpers ok, have you ever heard of a band called gone tomorrow sounds familar http://www.myspace.com/gonetomorrow u wanna hang out? that wuld be kewl sure oh ok i think im going to see them at bumpers on april 15 kewl my cousin wants me ot go to* local even amazing yeah so when u wanna hang? well i have no plans tonight kewl what time what times good for u? i just need to get ready, then i can come k lemme call amy an make sure were not on for tonite k? ill be back in 5 or 10 k k back i gotta make a choice here u there? yeah sorry i was in bathroom lol sry so whats your choice :) amy wants me to go cruisin round wit her but not quite sure how to ask this............. lol is this going to be bad like u just wanna watch boring movies an eat popcorn or should i put on a skirt or the good jeans lol sweat pants or jordache? you can wear whatever you want what do you want to wear well im kinda shy bout this i think yur relly cute aww, you're sweet kinda more than cute well you dont have to worry about it aww :"> you're making me blush i think you are too actually that makes 2 of us but we dont have to figure it all out on here no but i gotta decide which im gonna do so what would make the decision easier knowin if u like me an wanna do more than just watch tv well i like you thx i like u to but how will you know until you meet me for sure ;) and vice versa well sure but... well id kinda like it to be more you're cute not shy either well sorta yes sort no lol well i cant make you choose me over amy but i cant make any promises, other than to say i think you're really cute and i do like talking to you k i didnt expect promises :p just kinda lookin for wat to expect u know yeah i like to know how it will end too, but life sucks lol like dress hot an add a little perfume or wear sweats an make popcorn coz if its popcorn im thinkin goin with amy ok how long will do you do that u mean be wit amy? yah who knows she wants to try an meet some guys she knows ok hmmm do you have a webcam no wish i did moms parnaoid bout it why i dunno weird thinks ill do strips online or sumthin lol lol would you lol ha prolly not im into the real thing not cyber can you call me yea 238-5759 john john john john? lol just being silly john they called jfk jr john john lol ok you calling i gotta get offline and find my cell gimme 5 min k? k hey i accidentally closed the chat window an didnt have you added :) wats yur number again 238-5759 k in a few.... k found it calling :-) k :) what did you say couldnt hear you i asked if we was hanin out like a date do you want to yea ok are you hungry i told u i think yur really hot so are you so that makes 2 of us ;-) :d when is your brother coming home wanna just bring a pizza over or sumthin? sure, or does anyone deliver yea we can get delivery thats eaiser yeah i like mikes hard lemonade btw ;-) is that so just sayin' lol you're just trying to get me in trouble arent you lol lol so when do you want me to come hmmm... i need a little time to get ready how bout 8 ok where do you live *edit* *edit* *edit* ok think u can find it? so if i get lost, i can call that number? yeah i mapped it prolly better not to call since parents got this privacy thing you're on the east side of greenville, must be in the country if yur late ill call u yea kind out in the boonies ok easy to find tho i wont call unless you stand me up, then i might lol ill be here ok :) u like skirts or tight jeans better ? ;-) whatever you feel most comfy in i like both probably skirt :-) good choice :) your brother isnt going to come home while im there is he park on the street ok nah he wont be home till late tomorow ok park on the street coz the driveways blocked bein sealed or somethin ok come round to the back door, round the left side of the house just so neigbors dont notice the front lites on an all im not gonna get bit by a dog am i lol no lol is there a bell back there? no just holler or come on in doors open k you're crazy you know ha so ive heard lol btw...... got any condoms :"> what are those jk lol no worries is that a yes? ;-) dont worry, im not going to do anything without a condom :-) theres other things to do without ya know lets see if yahoo maps got it right but having them is kinda good ya know yeah *edit* odd street names yea those streets are wrong tho lemme see 36 is right use this http://local.live.com/ brb k *edit* yea thats rite which side of the street are you on right pow flag cant miss it *edit* dad collects cars damn ok btw 1 thing i relly like is a guy who tells me wat he wants thats good to know i like makin my guy happy i like to please also wuld u go down on me if i did u? you're not shy at all lol told ya lol you said you were shy lol well yes an no no shy wit sex shy with what then dunno... lol lol try not to have it all figured out, spontaneous is fun ;) i know but it kinda turns me on to talk bout it might be better in your ear wat wuld u say lol you are very persistent yuo seen nuthin yet wait and see i cant imagine lol you better get ready cmon a little hint wat yud like id rather do it than talk about it, like you said not into cyber at all k shuld i wear thong panties or neither i like suprises guys are easy to figure out ill go with neither lol lol you're not making it hard to figure out either anticipation is the sexiest thing there is no doubt about that oh what kinda car so i can watch for u sliver nissan pathfinder k ill go get ready now 8 right? ok yes :-* see you then >:d*+*18:17*+*2*+*[0.4839835077703774, 0.5160164922296225]*+*1*+*