 hello hi so how you doin bord lol nuthin but bots n room i notice that yea it sux what yur asl 27 male elliott county, u 13/f/ky be 14 in october your young what part os ky u from i liv n north ky me too, well northeast kewl what yur name mine kelly nick kewl nice 2 meet u u too thanx does ur town have a name lol yea i kinda dont lik tellin til i know pple ya know i understand, good to be like that yea so what do u do for fun i like shoppin n swimmin movies n stuff so u like simple stuff i duno not much 2 do round here here either, my town don't have a red light, vey small im always on my puter i have to work lucky i wish i did you will someday what u do 4 work yea im gona go 2 college 2 be a vet i think cant say, most people think its a pick up line lol yeah so do u have a pic or a cam yea do u no cam i wish no i dont think i do im gona get 1 tho i have enough mony now u should get one wehn my mom comes back from her trip gona have her take me to walmart n get a cam yea im gona get 1 so thats u in the pic what 1 n here? yes yea ur pretty u look older aww thanx i do? yes kewl ur face does, i cant see your body so i dont know i got other pics may i see them n my prof click on my myspace link there more pics there yes u do look older nice pics though kewl thanx i'm sure u have a boyfriend, huh lol no hows that jus dont brb ok back ok so what kind of interests do u have ummm i like my puter n im a youtube adict lol i like starbucks but i get hyper wehn i drink it lol thats what caffene does i dont do 2 much stuff so i duno yea lol you need to start doing stuff oh im goin 2 new york this summer with my dad so that gona b kewl as hellz new york is fun i never ben there b4 i've been to just about ever state, besides alaska omg yur lucky how u do that ? part of my job kewl its a good job it has its perks thats kewl i hope i get a job like that you can n make lots of mony u could right now, but your not old enough that sux i wana work this summer after i go 2 new york thats good i would offer u a job but its illegal for me to do so y it ilegal? cuz im yung huh yes dam for what i would offer dam i wish its still tempting though how old i got ab? to be 18 dam but if we got u a fake i.d. we could do it fake id? i dont got 1 i know, but i know people who can make them friggin kewl yes it is hey can i add u? yes kewl thanx u havent even asked me what u would be doing, u just want a job huh lol yea i wana work realy bad are you shy hellz no or get embarresed easy lol no i got attitude my frinds say lmao thats good what do u think i do anyway? i duno u didnt tel me i know, because people think i'm making it up to hit on them i make over 200,000 a year no way yes fukkkkkk thats bank and girls make more lol omg thats kewl can i make mony like that 2? yes dam so do u have any clue at what i do umm no take a guess i duno doctors make a lot of mony like that n laywers not a doc, or a lawyer i duno then pictures are involved thats the reason u cant be shy i duno i'm a part time model, and photographer 4 reals? and thats the reason girls make more money yes for real dam its good, u get to travel alot and dont have to work very much thats kewl yur lucky maybe yea cuz u make lots of mony not realy 200,000 is alot duhhhh how much would u like to make i duno lots man im happy makin 20 buck a hour lol what kind of modeling would u do i duno i never model b4 would u like for me to give u the options that i got connections with ? sure swimsuit, partial nude, nude, and hardcore nude, i'm not a perv, this is the people i know omg no way lol yes wow so would u still be interested yea if it pays good hellz yea really yea so you would do hardcare nudes hardcore whats that well, its pretty much porn it pays the most other pple do that yes i meen r they scred scared no, u just got to be really opened minded kewl i can do that u could have sex in front of the camera thats what that is that be kinda scary at first ya know not really, thats the first one i did u did 1? i did about 40 omg no way thats kewl u was not scard? no i'm not shy though me either thats good so u would like to do it hold on gota iggy this fukker buggin me ok lol k back ok i think it was a bot probably so would u like to do it? yea i think so when would u be ready to i duno i never did this stuff b4 there is nothing to it, if you would like i will be there to kewl i can get it set up in a matter of a couple of weeks pple not gona say anythin cuz im 13? no not if i'm there there only me that yung ? not really ok a few of the models might not do anything with u, but if they dont i will be willing to do what pose with u k so i be posin n like sears or hot topic? no i looooooove hot topic u would be posing naked oh ok do u have a problem being around a naked guy lol no ok the only thing we do is that we are both naked and we touch each other, no intercourse unless u would like kewl is that ok yea i can handel it im not a baby lol ok do u have a problem with intercourse no are u a virgin, i'm curious no ok, thats good can i get some information from u yea brb tho im gona get somthin 2 eat ok brb u there back ok yum hot pocket so i need some kinda personal information hey i dont got experince its ok, i'll help u out how wehn what if i dont do it rire rite you will dont worry first i will conduct a video interview kewl i will be there with u, asking you questions while u are being videotaped, it would probably just me and u during the interview is that fine yea that b kewl ok, now i need a contact number from u a home phone or a cell number either one well if i giv that 2 u my mom mite anser well, i would just ask for u but she not here til sunday she gona b back 2morrow cuz she s n south caralina rite now ok, i can call later for u can i cal u insted? i gota callin card that b easer 4 me n i wont get n troble ok, we'll work that out in a minute i need a town name, i wont ask for your address kinda scard 2 give my town til i know u more thats ok i duno even what u look like lol yeah, i had a cam but it tore up, i might get another one tonight lucky how tall are u 5 foot 5 weight 110 measurements i duno that 1 i'll measure u during the video interview k now, is there any hotels near u, that u can travel to, without getting in trouble i duno i think so lol i never go to them lol right, and i dont drive thats where i'm going to have to do the interview since u cant come here cant wait thho where u liv ? near grayson i can see on mapqest if u told me ur town i could tell u how far right now k it bout 2 hours ok, so are u around louisville yea that 2 far 4 me 2 walk lmao kinda sorta neer cincy newport lol no ok, maysville wehn u gona do interview cuz my mom come back 2morow when will u, i can do it next weekend no my mom gona be back tonight yea if ya want 2 i need your address then ummm can i wait il i no u more? to do the interview? n talk some more no 2 give u my addy yes kewl thanx but i at least need a town name i tell u that wehn i give u my addy so i know where to go it bout 2 hours awy away yes but in order to do the interview i need to know where to meet u at yea i wil tell u but later ok i;m kinda confused, your going to tell me tonight after we talk some more? lol yea just til i feel beter bout givin my addy an town out ok, i just got confused, sorry il tell u today ok lol but i do need it before 4 if at all possible so i can get things arranged what u like 2 do k well then talk sports lol anything to do with sports that s kewl i used to play callege basketball at morehead state i like swimmin n summer omg that s kewl i also like dogs i have an australin shepard omg me 2 i got 3 dogs kinda puppys and i like to watch family guy omg me 2 stewie fukkin rawks mine is a puppy i got him 3 days ago awwwwwwww yes he does what kind australian shepard his name is lucky i got german sheperd n a german sheperd n half rot but hes got problems with his legs n can walk good cant walk good so he lays down all the time thats sad yea so what do u like in guys he mite gota have wheels 4 back legs if teh vet can find som1 2 make it for him i like there eys if there kewl n i like guys that r nice ok am i nice so far i have hazel eyes hellz yea yur kewl u like cats? well thats good yes i like all animals i dont like reptiles n i dont wana do those when i be a vet snakes r grossssssssssssssss one of my favs is a penguin lol there cute yes and funny yea youtube gots funny videos of them i never really got on utube its a kewl site so ivce heard i like movies 2 me too my mom an me rented some for this week end wehn shes gone 2nite im gona wach saw it will be good yes so ur home alone yea til 2morrow wow are u having fun yea but im bord its kewl shes gone n all but still bord lol well, i might be able to cheer u up during the interview how i'm funny its borin here i like to joke yea me 2 thats good my mom tells stupid jokes i'll do anything just about to have a good time retarded 1s yea me 2 i like having fun theres nothing else but fun do u somke or drink smoke never smoke b4 but i had a wine cooler thing b4 ok called smirnof it was friggin gooooooooood lmao i've drunk them before yea there realy good s i enjoyed it so are ur parents divorced? yea oh, nothing wrong with that yea i know gettin use 2 it now how long has it been 6 years long time yea kinda sux tho cuz i miss my dad i say so but i get 2 see him this summer where does he live n cali nice so u going there yea well i would like to help u make a few grand to take with my dads gona give me mony 2 go shoppin:d omg that b kewl all part of the job i jus dont got experince so kinda worry bout that we'll talk later about that during interview if thats ok i dont wana look stupid ya know or mess up dont worry i just got off the phone with the woman who i work for mostly, she wants me to send the video to her by 9 tonight of your interview is that ok k and it is a 2 hr drive ? yea ok, do u fell comfortable with me yet feel almost lol ok, cause were cutting time kinda short stil gota long time somewhat, yes we do yea brb, gotta use the restroom k k, back i had to feed my dog to so when is ur bday u there back lol whens ur bday october 7 my sisters is ocy 17 oct oh kewl mine is in april 8 oh kewl i have to get my travel car ready in a bit wehn u do intrview what u got a do is there auditin? i never did one, i got to get the fax in a minute it tells me what to do what i gota ware ? what do u want to wear tshirt and jeans i guess ok would u be willing to do an audition yea like how dont know, i will leave that up to u wel i wan know ok im kinda nervis i never don this b4 as far as i know it is only questions, when i get the fax i will know, its going to tell me step by step sounds kinda borin lol i'll make it fun try to at least do u like tattoos yea me too i wana get a butterfly on my back that look like tigar sounds cool i got a couple kewl what u got did it hurt? 3 suns across my shoulders oh kewl did it hurt a sun on my chest, and one around my belly button i like suns kewl yea u do lol the sun makes me happy what color eyes do u have blue n green mix most blue tho i bet there pretty are u double jointed or flexible u still there? yea im here ok, just making sure ur not getting bored with me im alway s bord i'm sorry what will make u not bored i duno me either i wish i colda made plans n do things wehn my mom left lol well were trying right now im prolly go spend nite at my frind shannons house omg we get crazy we r best frinds what do u do together act like idiots sounds fun yea well if your going to go to ur friends tonight, we need to do the interview quick then huh i duno what time are u going to ur friends? goin 2morrow prolly oh ok she spose 2 b callin me back i see my boss just called again she wants to know if i left yet to go meet u for the interview lol i knew when i called her she would keep calling me asking me do u like older guys? yea ok, good, cause i'm older, and i dont want to make u feel uncomfortable no no, what? it ok that yur older thats good so u feel comfortable yet kinda just bord well, give me ur address and we'll start the interview, and try and cheer u up does that sound alright sound s borin it wont be i promise, if it is i'll give u 100 dollars yea rite i will, its not that much mony is borin lol right but when u have alot of it, it makes it fun yea but i dont drive n mony not fun wehn im bord 2 death n nuthing fun 2 do what will be fun for u to do i duno if i know then i wont be bord duhhhh somthin fun well i drive and after we get done with everything, i'll let u decide what will be fun and i'll take u hows that dont wana go no were its 2 fukkin cold im freezin 2day my feet r realy freezin lol your hard to please sorry its ok, i like it hahahaha makes me worl harder work lmao so are u ready no bord interview sounds boring n i dont wan b bord more they are, but they only last a couple minutes what we gona do then after what would u want to do lol hellz i duno that y i ask u i dont got no ideas u like movies right yea but i wana do somthin else more fun or excitin ok hey u ever see the gardian its really good nope i wached it las nite gots ashton kutcher n it hes hawt ok i can think of something to do on the way naw im gona proly fin somthing 2 do ok so u dont want to do the interview not realy boring ive me a sec give hey brb ok ok, i'm back u there back me too i called my boss again there is an audition, during the interview realy? yes that sound fun what i gota do u can go as far as u want to go do i need 2 ware makeup ys kewl and dress as sexy as u want kewl so do u want to do it now i duno if so i need to know so i can leave and start that way if its 2 hrs, it will be a little after six when i get there and i have to have that back to her by 9 so have u decided yet? i duno how far u want me 2 go? u there yes how far do u want this is all up to u i dont want to pressure u i duno i ask u lol u can all the way you can just play around a little bit which one would u do u there hello kelly, u still there are u there here now stupid dog oh well did u read what i said no i said u could go all the way if u wanted, or just play around a little it just depends how far u want to go what u meen al the way all the way is sex yea u want me 2? if u want to yes are u interested in the interview now? u there? maybe it is getting late, :-p u still there dam i got booted me too i hate yahell me too anyway, i dont want to be pushy, but i do need to know hello know what if u want to do this do u want 2? yes if u do i need ur address, so i can get directions and start heading that way ? u there yes yahell freezin on me ok stupid yahell i hate it grrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr thats right lol anyway, did u get my last message im here sory it freezin up alot hello ok hol on ok u back yet hey brb my fukkin cat spill my pepsi ok dam i clean it in a sec ok dam cat so, u wanna do this jump on my puter what wil u do when u come over first we'll do the interview, then the audition, and if you want to have sex, then we will, that one is up to u ok do u want 2? yes so i need ur address ok ok, i'm ready but but what if i do u not gona tell any1 r u kinda think botht hat that no i wont like my mom or somthin hell no u promis i dont want to get in trouble u swear 2 god? i promise i swear to god ok please dont cuz my mom wil like so fukkiin freek i wont i liv in highland heights address but hey i got a take my diogs out n feed them n go bathroom i gota tuumy ach from stressin lmao that ok n i give it 2 u ? ok, please hurry k giv me bout 30 min i promis i b back ok or less k brb i hurry ok i'll wait right here backkkkkkkkkkk omg i did as fas t as i can ok thats good so can i have it now sry take me so long its ok r u realy comin over??? yes as son as u tell me soon ur not jus playin me rite? no i am not u promise? i promise, swear to god k give the address, and i'm leaving as soon as i get it, and get driving directions k u can get on mapqest on it right now *edited* highland heights kentucky 41076 can i have ur number u got addy ? u get it ok ok, i'm leaving right now so i will see u in a few hours ok, so be ready for me im gona take shower first k u have time want me 2 curl my hair n makup? yes k what i ware for htis this dress sexy k how far u liv from me 2 hours? 2 and a half to 3 k what tim u get here? latest 8'30 maybe 9 hey how i no it u is that ok what u driv i'm driving my road car, and its a gray olds oh kewl i'm wearing a read t shirt k what u lok like cuz i dont wana open dor 4 weirdos 6-1 175 short dark hair tan dang u tall a little lol kewl be ready for me i'm leaving right now ok k wehn u leavin lol bye hey yes giv me yur number 6063569115 so if yur lat i call u k ok k got it ok i b redy n dress nice ok bye omg cant wait ttyl k? >:d*+*12:25*+*2*+*[0.5501432664756447, 0.4498567335243553]*+*1*+*