 hllo helo hello hi hi hi lol sorry was havin trouble typen how are you good i was just messin with u whats ur asl? its ok mess all you want 17/m/w vally no way jst want to chat and make friends no way to what u look lots oder than 17 in that little picture made me look oldr no way ya thats wha i will look when im in my 30s so how old r u really? 21 is that ok i just want to b friends nothing more thats ok but u still look older so what are you doing nothin im ruby 13 f ut whats ur name? im art nice to meet ou ruby nice 2 meet u 2 wonderful name thanks what do you like to do for fun how is school school sucks lol why is that cause its boring what would you like to do if you wasnt in school then what do you plan on doing after high school go places ya like where like back 2 texas 2 see my friends i miss them oh is it nice in tx where in texas you 4rm by houston i moved 2 utah just b 4 summer y cause my cw found my gma here in utah oh lost your parent did you i am sorry for that just my dad my moms in jail oh m sorry i would like to be your friend then ok cool did u always live in ut? meet any new friend at your new school yet couple no im from idaho area oh ok how are things at gma its ok kinda boring they dont never wanna do nothin that sucks ya cause at the fhs there was lots of people 2 hang out with i bet meet any boys yet couple any look hopeful to b ur bf not here in utah i just had one bf b 4 but he was in texas i like your pretty hair thanks you look pretty to be a model really? ys dont you think so i donno im kinda short n plane no your pretty enough to be a model thanks np do you want to fall in love and get married someday ya i guess that might b cool i would like a model like you did u ever meet a model b 4? take you places meet new ppl and do the fun things your missing out on i only seen models in magaznes no none as beautiful like you thanks i could see you in mags and posters that would b fun i would post you up and tell ppl i knw you lol y lol be better if i told them i served your needs what do u mean? i got you things when you wanted them and did what you ask me to do like a maid? cool yes k you would want that dont your you maids r cool i be your slave tho aint no such things as slaves no more i would want to be yours tho k cause your the super model lol k what can we talk about now what is your fav color purple fav pet dogs my gmas got a dog sometimes i like birds 1 2 sorry dnt mean to invite you to my cam oh lol wondered how come u turned it off already! unless you want to see me its cool m clumbsy that ok for you ya is cool what kind of car would you like to driv i donno like a red one a purple car might b cool if it was shiny the best for you you like to play game alot ya what grade are you in now 8 would you ever date a older guy or 1 your age my x bf was older ya how much 3 years he was 15 was when i was 12 thats close to your age tho nobody else never asked me i would like to date you if i could miss super model like 4 reals? yes if i could then i would take care of you and treat you rite cool i would marry you when you was old enough to do so really? cool take you traveling to other place that might b fun it would be fun go c your old friends in tx ya i miss them i bet r u like rich or somethin? have was to travel k with your beautiful looks we could make money and travel cuz models get to travel and model cool hey where you go im here didnt go nowhere said you logd our out nope didnt k you on your comp or dose it belong to gma its mine one of my fms gave it 2 me she got a new lap top n then gave me her old one oh nic of her to do that ya best present i ever got for now i wanna get an x box or wii 4 christmas i want to spoil u someday cool what do you want in a guy that want to be with you like cool n nice you been kissd yet ya did you like it ya did you french ya cool do you like to go shopping ya when i got money ya we could make that happen if we like each other and work things out in time cool if you would like to do that ya you would ya are gdp lds ppl my dad was my gma n gpa dont go oh ys that i donno did you go with your dad when i was little i went 2 primary oh do you go when your at school no not in hs yet oh ok r u lds? no but m thinking of going some of the kids at school i know go are you thinking about going not really how would gdp think of you wanting to be with older guy like i dont think i wanna tell him not rite now i hope but when your older around 17 would you i donno or would you leave and get married and then tell them i donno never thought bout that b 4 jst trying to keep you intertaind lol do you hav a web cam not ne more ne way to send pic i got a couple oh yes you are beautiful like a super model thanks i didnt make you beautiful i jst see how you look i would like to be your bf i will say that really? yes really it would be hard to wait tell i could marry u tho k jst cuz i would want to lose you to any other guy ok how tall are you now 5 f 2 how tall r u? 5 7 cool not much taller than you what do you weight bout 100 or 105 i dont got a scale cool would you like to be a mom someday i think so cool are you done with me what do u mean? you close the photos oh lol just already showed u it ok i loved them your very beautiful woman thanks do you like to cuddle ya damn bots keep bothering me ya i dont like those i hate them do you hav a lap top or home comp laptop cool me two mines real old n slow i could send you a cam if you would like one thats ok it works for now rite cool if you are true to me and want me as bf i will save up to get you 1 with a cam built in awesome ok ok for what would you like to do i donno let you think about it take sometime what would you like to knw i donno r u still looking at me ya do you think about being loved ya what do you think about it it might b cool nic would you adopted a child might cool what was you gona say im gettin sleepy n my finger was pushin kkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk lots! so i erased it if you need or want to go to bed its ok with me are you on here at nites or days do you have email i get on at night lots my red387pete@gmail.com i got one but i dont get on it much mostly here do u got a myspace? ys do you ya its same as this one ***EDIT*** i think mine is under red387pet or the rubber duck me n my friends used 2 get on that lots but now we chat here m looking yours up k i cant find urs hold on i am asking you to be my friend ok cool did you find me im goin there its real slow there u r ur added m here im looking to see if your there you are how sweet you ok r u reading or sleeping readin it says ur a truck driver what kind do u drive? what are you reading i am i drive 18wheeler for now i may hve to stp here soon do to my driving record how come? i drive a peterbuilt truck whats that? hav a few tickets i will only have to stop for 6months then i hope to get bac on the road do u drive fast? brand name of a truck kinda did driv fast are you ok with my job it will take you places with me awesome where all do u get 2 go? can driv the 48 state mostly stay this side of the mississippi river cool we could travel and at nites cuddle in the bed in the truck and watch movies i hav 100 to watch cool what movies u got? i dont have any horor movies but i hav anything with comidy or drama type cool what do you like to watch i like lots of movies i wanna go see twilight i read the book last week all mine are on dvd twiligt is new yes i saw it was at theaters u got 2 see it already? not fair!!! did u like it? no i havnt gone yet i just saw that it was playing ohhh ok where is LOCATION EDIT again utah where in ut i cant think of it rite now like 45 min from LOCATION EDIT oh ok i knw now lite went out lol mines goin out 2 cause im sleepy will u b on 2 morrow? yes i can be when will you being my master want me to be bac on i donno i can try 2 b on 2 morrow but dont know what time yet prob night give me a order to please you but what if i cant get back on? what time would you like to try 8:00? we have myspace if we hav to i will b here for you at 8 ok night PO ttyl :) what is po peace out ok my love ttyl :-* :x i am here waiting for you hey hey how are you doing good i thought of you all day really? yes was u really waitin? i read your myspace page and i am really sorry about the stuff you have been through its all cool now ys i was waitin for you thats cool what did you do today was helpin my gma i made cookies are they your real grandparents or foster they r real my cw found them here thats good where is your brother in texas at rtc is he ok ya oh hes in a good program then how are the cookies i love choclet chip with ice cream yum mint choc chip with mint choc chip ice cream yum how are your gmps doing ok gmas at work now gpas watchin football what dose she do nurse oh that cool you gona be a nurse no dont think so i would like you to be my nurse r u sick? no i hope nt why do you ask cause nurses take care of sick people in away they do i just would like your touch and yours only k what are you doing now chattin with u i do like to chat with you cuz you are anything but boaring thanks ur cool 2 not as cool and neet as you whens ur bday? aug 5 and urs feb 4 r u gonna do ne thing fun 4 thanksgiving? nt sure if i am going to take a load of stuff and be on the road for thanks are you people r comin here thats how come i been helpin gma clean n we cooked some stuff 2 day cool i take this time of yr to take load that no one wants to do so they can be hm with thier fam what bout ur family? i will be hm for thanks when i hav someone special to be with dont u got ne special family? nt really how come? m kinda a outsider kind of a guy cause u like it better that way? no i dnt i want to find that special woman to change that with like you i hope aww cool so i can help you in the kichten and when all is done sit you down and message your feet and then cuddle you as we watch holiday movies that would b fun i like watchin movies then kiss you on your neck as we drifft of to sleep holding you close to me aww how do you picture a romantic evening like maybe eatin dinner with candles n watchin a movie ya that would be loveing what are you thinking about nothin what woman hav many things on thier mind and i would like to know what is on your was thinkin that i want a wii 4 christmas or x box n rock band game or gutar hero oh those would be fun i dnt play alot of game do to i am alway on the road r u drivin all the time? not all the time i do have to stop and sleep and do other stuff like wash clothes, do paper work, fuel up then look for you on line now how do u chat online in ur truck? labtop i hav a power converter and i try to park where i hav signal cool what ya doin? thinking of you and what to say r u gonna drive somewhere cool 2 morrow? do u get 2 see places u go 2? sometimes when i have time i would be more willing to explore places if you was with me that would b cool where r u at now? i am at hm ohhh i thought u was drivin 2 somewhere cool in ur truck nt yet maybe tomorrow after noon i will knw do u get 2 pick where u go? nope i do try and request to go in the area of some places tho wheres ur most fav place u went 2 so far? i like vegas most of all i go to la i like montana area dallas is nice lubbic tx i awsum been to san fransico been to miami fl i really love the gulf coast are of mississippi cool u been everywhere mostly been up to mass out side boston about a hour away cool would like to take you some time like 4 reals? or r u just sayin that? for reals awesome why would you think i would just be saying it i donno you sound like you would like to go sounds cool you would like it if you like to travel with out getting sick i dont get sick cool you could ride with me then i like to cud at nites tho ok what now what do we say now i say.... i gota go in a minute oh ok leave me :( just jk lol i might b back 2 morrow night you mite if i can y you nt sure if you will be cause i donno if gmas home or not cause if she is we r gonna make pies shes gonna teach me its ok i will think of you and dream of your love k cool night you have a goodnight my love and sweet dreams xoxo :-* night PO ttyl hey lov hey what ya doin? ben thinkn of u m near denvr co cool i got 2 go there one time how was ur day w gma shes at work ment yestrday was ok how long did it take u 2 get 2 denver? 16hrs m still drrvn hav 2 hrs 3 go how can u drive and chat? but i had 2 stp 4 10hrs 2 sleep ohh so ur stopped now? i wontt chat when on freeway ya that would b hard 2 do what did u do 2day nothin y cause didnt feel good 2 day went 2 sarahs im gonna stay at her house 2 morrow see u did somthin did u just drive all day? ys will u b on in a hr ya k hey hey lov i made it to where i was going cool nice you are going to sarahs tomorrow ya when her mom gets off work shes gonna come get me cool what ya doin now? lying her listening to the movie cars and thinking of you is sarah the one in the pic with you. i dont got ne picts of sarah the ones in the picts with me r my friends in texas oh ok that was what i was thinking did you get your pies done yep gma let me make them by myself n she helped me with the crust part nice i happy for you and your gma doing something together i hope they r good if you made the i bet they are full of your sweet love you have to give thanks it would be hard to pick between you and your pies you make lol i want pie of corse i would chose to hold you 1st whats you doing lookin 4 somethin on tv on or in the tv lol guess u dont get 2 watch tv? not much i think i can buy a antana for my comp i c in the media player sometime for tv sig how long r u gonna stay there? i hope boss has a load of water to pic up going bac throu hm then i could be home for thanks but if not i will be here tell friday thats long time 2 stay there 4 work when do u sleep? when i am tired i should be sleepn now cuz hav to be up at 6am thats when this place open to take thier onions off my truck yes that a long time so if it happen i will go get a room to stay in i dont want to stay in the truck all that time do u gotta take the stuff off ur truck or does somebody else gotta do that? pay someone else to do it so i can ge somemore reast thats cool after they do and i do have to load the water i will have to stop and hav the trailer washed out 1st hav to get the onion smell out i like onions do u? i like onion rings and chopped up onions yum onion rings! ha ya brb k back guess u left night HAPPY THANKSGIVING! HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO YOU LOVE hi hi hi how are you love how was your thanksgiving was ok how bout urs? ok be on the road where ya at now? near portland or whats there? i have to unload water heaters in morning then load sume stuff and take home that dont sound very fun it ok miss chatting with you where have you been my computer wouldnt turn on my friend fixed it 4 me i was on last night what ya doin? working on myspace page i have been thinking of you i have been putting in long hours as well how come ur workin so much? i need to whats ur myspace? you know myspace i didnt see it i thought you did when we wanted to be friends on it your on my friends list im on it i just looked in the wrong spot oh ok what are you looking up u said u was on urs so i went 2 look at it yes making some changes i would like to make it look nice like others cool i m looking at yours here in a few i aint been on it in awhile i see that you missed my message to you didnt you i didnt look yet my computers not been workin what worng with it i donno it wouldnt turn on mmm i found ur message! you still there ya what are you doing readin ur message on my myspace i gotta go maybe u will b on 2 morrow? k k night hi what ya been doin? hey sweety i have missed you i just went thro LOCATION EDIT ut on wed hey! thats cool that u went through LOCATION EDIT! hey love how are you yss i even thout of you awww my computers been broke i have missed you missed u 2 how are things going for you good i got 2 go 2 the mountains last week n see snow!!! we made snowmen n snow angels i have been throu cedar twins in the last month and i think of you always i was wonderin where all u got 2 go 2 thats cool where else did u get 2 go? i have been to dallas for thanks giving did u have fun? then i have been mostly n the area of home i wished you was with me it would be the most fun to watch you look at all the areas i get to drive by and then we stop and go for walks and play that would b so cool ur lucky cause u get 2 go lots of places none of the places i go are as beautiful as you are thanks how are your gparents they r ok hows your pc doing now its been workin good i got on here last night it worked good how is school boring one more week till christmas break!! any boy trying to hit on you no lol theres one guy i kinda liked at school but hes already got a gf dose that mean you want to replace me no way silly lol ur 2 cool i hope you dont want to lose me i really like and care about you i like u 2 i been dreaming of you are you thier ya what u been dreamin? do you have new pic of you i have some new one for you i dont got ne new ones my new ones or posted in myspace or i can share with you cool i aint been on my myspace in a while i can go look on there if u want or u can show me i what dose my princes want ok u can show me let me knw if you can see em yep i see one is cool that ones pretty that last one over looks where i live thats what u see from ur house? thats tight ys it over looked 5citys to fast it takes a second b 4 they r clear do you have a cam not ne more y is that that last one is where i would like to cuddle with you and kiss your lips cool where is that? that my bed in the truck u got a tv in there 2? thats tight when i am away from home that where i sleep hav a dvd player whats that thing on the wall by ur foot? to the right or left both to the left is my dvd player to the right is a vent to let fresh air come in on warm summer nites cant see it very well up at top of pic is a roll up cabinet that has my dvds thier is all so one above my head at other end and they are full of dvds u got lots! i have about 150 dvds r they all in ur truck? ys cause that where i spend most of my time thats like takin ur house with u when i am waiting to load or unload ys and i hope to take you sometime like 4 reals? or r u just messin with me? for realls i would love for you and i to always be together awesome i what to take care of you and support you that would b fun get 2 see lots of places ys and ask for loads to take us to huston to see your friends and then we go to disneyland ethier in florida or cal ohhh cool mostly cal its easyer for the boss to send me that way how many times did u get 2 go there? i hope to have you snuggle up to me someday soon so i can keep you warm and safe i go to cali alot maybe 3xs a month thats tight last wk i went to a place maybe 10 miles from disney did u go 2 disney while u was there? as soon as i was empty i had the whole day off cuz my reload didnt load tell he next day so we could have went and had some fun at disney no i didnt go i dont want to go when i am alone ya that might b more fun goin with somebody ys it would be better that way what are you thinking i like that pict right there >>> what one do you like its got the blue sky in it b hind u oh yes i was on a mtn pass here in idaho we call it the owyhee mtns cool who took all those pictures? me i dont have anyone but you in my life i wished you was with me tho ya that would b cool those pic was the last days of sunshine for here that sucks it that time of year for here tho ohhh guess what darla told me that your more beautiful than her it snowed in houston lol noo snow wow it snowed there to far south she said they was playin in it its snowing here now n then it all went away yesterday mornin cool what ya doin? i went out to the truck i am home doing laundry i have to go up to washington tomorrow wish you was with me i never been 2 washington b 4 what all would we get 2 do if i get 2 go? i have not been to the 4 us state up in the northeastern us or alaska those are the only states i am missing to see so far cool tell me about you some more what or how do i keep you from wanting anyother guy tell you are ready to come be with me like what do u mean? cuz you did say you was thinking of a guy but he had a gf cause that was b 4 i started chattin with u what can i do to keep you interested in me oh ok now i understand thanks for clearing that up cause i like u all i think about is doing my job, and think of how i am going to love and respect you so you will want to come live and travel with me that would b cool your very important to me and i hope we will love each other >:D :x :x i hope we will want to get married someday like would i get the pretty dress n have a big party? ys of course i would like your friends to be thier as well cool where would you like to go for honeymoon wheres the coolest place 2 go? anyplace with you i donno u pick cause u been 2 lots of places i want a place that i havent been ok but u been almost everywhere lol not really i would like to go to florida to cocamo ok whats at cocomo? it kinda like hawaii only of the cost of florida cool how do you like me in a suite i want to play on a beach with you for our honeymoon i like that pic the door hing makes it look like my hair is standing up tho lol i am looking at your pic with you on your head lol do u got ne picts of u standin on ur head? no y cause lol m nt talented like u lol im gettin hungry did u eat supper yet? r u there? i m here if u need 2 go eat i am ok with that waitin 4 gma 2 finish cookin it your not helping her no sometimes i help her did you save those pics no how do i save them? y nt how do i save them between the add photo and the tools you should hav teh save do u c what i am talking about ya click one pic at a time and then click that save key cool it should save to your document file so if a boy was to ask you out what would you say to him i would say i got a bf now ok i wont say that lol i would say i have a gf thats what i say now cool i was playing with you so im confused now i do say i am with a gorgus woman and she is the love of my life and awww will u b here 4 a few? gma said suppers ready she is worth the time to wait for ys i will be here go eat and enjoy love ya ok cool kisses i will hurry :x no hurry i am willing to wait for you love :"> 8-> hey honey you never came back from dinner and i miss you HEY im back but just 4 a minute i am still here gma wanted to go buy this cool material n we are gonna make some tie blankies oh so you went shopping ya we ate first n then we went 2 the store moms giving the speach about being on the pc how was dinner lol was good how are you good im gonna go help make the blankie cause im gonna make sarah one i will b back later what have you been thinking about u ill b back when after i help make the blankie i will need to be getting to bed soon ok i have to get up early and drive through some winter areas through oregon b careful!!! you be on tomorrow i will leave it on and you can buzz me tonight if you want hey love i am still here hey guess what i just made! a towel nope lol a oven mitt nope a blankie n its real soft n warm now i wanna make me one dont get to use to it i wouldnt want anything to take my place lol im gonna give this one 2 sarah nice your a wonderful woman what ya doin? i wish i could see what you made i can only believe it to be as beautiful as you are cuz it came from your heart thinking about things what ya thinkin bout? you wanting to be with you awww >:D wishing we was together on the road dering the summer and we find a place to park and set up a place and cuddle as we look up at the stars ya as you lay your head on me did u see how big the moon is 2 day? no cloudy here gpa said that they said on the news that its like close 2 the earth n its really big ya ths is the closes point the earth and moon get at this time thier hav also been to planets at thier closest point as well ya that was cool last week we went outside i dnt knw what planet they was gpa told me but i forget that is so cool you get to spend time with them ya sometimes it gets boring cause they dont never wanna go nowhere ya i knw it hard for them to do the things that i can and what you want to do but in time you and i will be together ya that will b cool yes you and i will have lost of fun when it comes what all r we gonna do? travel have our own house to live in with a view of trees and the woods with a stream flowing near by can go swimmin in it we will have a great life together cool how do you dream of us i dont dream much when im sleepin i cant never remember them tell me what do you want for us how or where would you like to live what do you want to do do you want to stay at home or travel with me i wanna go lots of places what else are you wanting lots of money or would you just like to be with me both lol i m not rich but i make good money driving truck when i hit the roads hard i can make up to 3000 a month thats like a fun job 2 see lots of places i willl alway work to keep a roof over your head and food and clothes you will always have nice clothes cool i like clothes clothes are just clothes but you make them beautiful aww thanks with me we will travel to new places to alway hav fun ok whats you thinking nothin what do you want in life i donno i want us to work out i care about you me 2 when is your bday again feb 4 you will be 14 then ya what age would you want to marry do you want kids if so how many i donno lol what age do u think? like maybe 3 or 4 kids i dont know what age k if i could i will marry you as soon as we can awesome why is that cause will b cool ya and loving ya when would you like to marry whenever u want would now be good really? cool you would want that sure how would that go over with family ur kinda a secret i didnt tell nobody bout u with the age we cant unless your gparent oks it i dont think gma will do that i dont ether maybe some how when i am in town we could bump into each other and i could start being friend of the family lol dont know how 2 tell gma that you dont we just meet as if strangers and see how that gose k that way when i am passing though maybe i could stop by but you and i would have to act like friend in front of them i might b kinda scard 4 u 2 meet gma y casue she would figure it out just a idea not saying we have to go with it ya we will find away some how ok i will leave that up to you i just want to be with you ok me 2 what else do you want i donno what do you want to know i donno what age did your mom marry i donno i didnt ever ask her just wondering if it was a young age or was it 18 i donno you like to play game what kind do you like ya i like computer games n gutar hero n rock band nice i dont know any of them those r cool what games do u got? none i dont really have time for them i would like to play with you tho find games for us to play ok whats ur favs? i like flight or shoot them up games like halo? i got halo but i dont got n x box no more i have tried it i suck at it lol i like racing games cool me 2 i got need 4 speed but its 4 x box 2 i gotta get a new x box but now might not get one cause the computer cost 2 much 2 fix you had it fixd ya my cousin fixed it what was wrong with it it wouldnt turn on on thanksgiving day it stopped workin n then one day i got it 2 turn on n it worked like always n then it wouldnt tun on no more i am glad it is working now me 2 cause i couldnt chat with u without it if i was to come throu town would you meet me ya do you live near town ya not 2 far ok im startin 2 get sleepy ok loves i have to get to bed as well loves ya i plan to get your way soon so i can bring your presents cool k night :-* :-* :x :x sweet dreams and loves will u b online 2 morrow? yes i plan to ok me 2 night nite love hey love hey! how was your day i was hopin u would get here b 4 i had 2 go! was ok i have been thinking of you i wanted to chat with you before i go to bed also did you work on a blanket not 2 day gmas at work what have you done today was hangin out with sarah not a moment gose by i dont think about you >:D :"> how is sarah what did you and her do today we played rock band what happend to your dig cam you said that you had one but now you dont its in texas oh ok dose anyone now about us no are you home to check the mail when it comes my gma gets that k i will have to wait tell i can pass thro to give you ur present what is it?? unless you have a idea of how i can send it to you i donno what is it? a x-mas present cool! you hav school tomorrow ya that sucks y dose it suck cause we got lots of tests all week i hav a test for you what? to c if you can stop me from tikleing you lol im real ticklish fun can you swim ya i love swimmin i dream of us having a swiming pool with a waterfall and you and i playing at night while our kids are in bed cool i want to here your dream what dream? something of you and i together ok maybe i can remember one 2 morrow when i wake up k what did u do 2 day? i drove over to washington i had to stop and put chains on 4 of my tires to get over a mountain i just now stoped so i could chat with you aww b careful! where u at now? i will alway be safe for you i am in a town called dayton wa i still have 30miles to go for in the morning for my 1st stop of unloading then i will drive to a town called longview wa for the last stop r u gonna bring stuff back with u? after i unload in longview my boss will have a place for me to go and pick up a load to take some place in the usa a new adventure! yep that how this works cool do you like to go camping ya is cool do u? ys thats what i do cool i love to look at your eyes and your lips thanks and your nose and your hair your just beautiful to look at ty i want to always be there for you and hold you :) i know our time of chatting will go by fast and before long we will alway be together ya n ur not gonna b a jerk like my x bf was right? what did he do i plan to love you and be as careing and jental as i can to your need needs he was a jerk i promise to love you and spoil you as i can n u promise not 2 laugh at me like he did? y would i laugh at you what you have been thro is not a funny thing to poke fun of k i want to love you and make you feel beautiful about who you are thanks just dont leave me and runnaway with some other guy i wont and that if you do deside to runaway it will be with me ya ya or ok yes ok what are you thinking about u what is the most important thing to you hangin out with u what would you do if you was with me now give u a big hug would you want to kiss if u wanna i would but would you sure :-* :-* :x i would want to make love to you if you was with me on the road like 4 reals? yes k cool i would alway want to make love with you does that hurt? no reals very good i never did it all the way b 4 u ok with that? like u wont laugh at me right? no i want to teach you ok cool i would be kissing your lips and neck and ears every place on you that is beautiful i will kiss ok :-* like i said i want to marry you and make love to you and have kids and a nice place to live for you will we all live in ur truck? no not all the time we will have a house and then if you want to come that would be fine with me cuz i dont want to be with out you cool i gotta go shower n get ready 4 bed cause i got school 2 morrow r u gonna b on 2 morrow? yes i will be here love you have a great nite and sweet dreams kisses and hugs night >:D i plan to be on here around 6pm :x:-*:"> hi my love i am near portland or hi! you showd up jst in time >:D yay i was tryin 2 hurry up i was thinking you wasnt going to show and so i was going to log off and drive to my next stop in longview wa i cant stay on long i got school 2 morrow n i had lots of hw was thinkin bout u i am always thinking about you i want you :) i cant wait to hold you in my arms me 2 how was your day tho boring n we got tests 2 morrow at school i gotta go i wanted 2 say hi! ttyl night ok loves missing you >:D i hope to tell you later ok night! xoxox r u looking 4 me HI what ya doin? i just got here a little while ago nothing me 2 i thout of u i was thinkin bout u 2 where ya at 2 day? m in ontario or thats along the idaho and oregon line cool did u drive all day? yes i got up at 8am drove up to longview by 9am then drove back to portland by 12pm and i just got here in time to chat with you cool i was hopin u would come on b 4 i had 2 go how was your day? how was school? how did you do with your tests? i dont know what i got on my tests yet they didnt get graded yet i want to buy you a new dig cam how would you like that i was workin on my report that i gotta finish by thursday cool whats the report on gotta write it about science and volcanoes how are you doing in school what kind of grades are you getting? i get good grades but school still sucks what grade are you in now 8 m thinking got 3 more days till christmas break yay i cant wait you can see me if you want it didnt work try that your in i see u smile! thats my dvd player behind me cool what ya watchin? bad boys does it stay warm in ur truck? even when its real cold out? i keep the truck running for heat in winter in summer i turn it off and open window i love it in the summer tho i like summer best 2 what ya doin? i have met a few girls that have finished school by the age 17 cool i might get 2 do that 2 i was thinking if you did then you and i only need to wait 4 3 mor years instead of 4 cool unless you want sooner what do u wanna do? i want to be with you as soon as we can ok cool as long as it is ok with you its ok with me just dnt knw about gma i didnt tell gma bout u shh ur kinda a secret lol :-$ nice lol are you thinking about leaving gma to be with me at some point i can if u want me 2 is that what you want cuz you now she will put out a missing person for you do u think she really would? yes if whe really cares about you she would oh :-S so what do we do now? we need to think of a plan. ok 1 would be for you to leave a note and get on a bus going north in to helen mt but you would get off and meet me at the nxt stop north from when you got on. i might get kinda scard 2 ride a bus like that by myself then we would need to change your hair color. its no different then a school bus but lots of people i dont know n i dont got ne money 4 that cool i want red hair i would pay for it all i gotta go in a couple minutes ok just giving you some ideas to think about ok then we would have to also change your name tell your 18 like what would we change it 2? cuz you and i cnt really be together acording to us law tell your 18 how come? cuz of your young age oh that sucks do u want me 2 stop buggin u? us law says your to young to make your own choises no you are not bugging me and dont stop ok :-* we just need a story for if we are together :-* like what? :x >:D how me met ok i love you tho luvs u 2 i lovs you 3 lol i gotta go shower n stuff 4 school 2 morrow wish i was with you then what time will u b on 2 morrow? dnt knw i will try and be here at 7pm ok me 2 me 3 wish u could do my hw lol lol night :-*>:D ok loves ya sweet dreams ttyl xoxoxoxoxoxxoxoxoxoxxoxoxxoxoxooxoxoxoxxoxoxoxoxox lol night nite hey love sorry i misssed you i am on my way down to L.a ca area with onions and i had to keep moving tell i got to where they wouldnt freeze. i will be on tomorrow at 7pm hope to chat with you then love you hey love how are you doing? i am really missing you? hi r u there? i got ur message miss u 2 only ONE MORE day at school! we get 2 watch a movie 2 morrow n we get 2 eat cookies n hot chocolate n maybe popcorn if my teacher dont burn it cause she always burns it in the microwave lol wish u was here i dont got nobody else 2 chat with hey! omg! ur drivin! lol dont go gettin in a wreck!! giv me 10min ok i will wait till u stop i dont want u 2 wreck!! i can just watch u drive! lol >:D no typing! LOL just drive! ok done ok cool wow u can stand up in ur truck? ys and the new truck will have 2 beds y do you not have anyone to chat with darla n lisa r busy where r u at 2 day? so i am your last to chat with hehehe lol i an in carson ca it is 30 miles south of los angeles wow u must drive fast! lol i was in traffic that is what you was watching i dont waist time on my loads ya then u make more money right? that why i have time to be with you yay i make anywhere from $2000 to $3300 a month dipends on how hard i run ur rich! not yet working on it i will work to make sure i have a roof over you and clothes and stuff i like lots of clothes tomorrows movie day at school i want you here to watch movies with me u got lots! so i can hold you we could watch movies all the time! i hav about 100 good movies i like action drama and funny movies i like those 2 sorry i missed you last nite me 2 i was here what was u doin? ii told the boss i wanted to reload yesterday so he had me unload that loadi had from portland then take that trailer over to a place in nampa id drop it off then go to wilder an load onions in the other trailer i pickd up in nampa, cuz the onion was loaded into a dryvan trailer i had to pic up a heater to keep the onions from freezing and drive as far south into cali before i went to bed wow so i drove all nite and i am just now where i am to unload the onions when do u unload them? cant think of the name but i am in carson ca oh when not where unload at 7am pacific i would get lost drivin so much! lol you would learn it fast i would just like to see you looking out and seeing everthing that would make me happy would b fun i want you to be with me will b so cool i kinda took my time today tho if you was with me tho we would have gotten here earlier then we could have got on a train and went down town or we could have went to desney land omg that would b awesome r u by disney? not fare maybe 15miles omg cool i get this way alot i wish your gma would let you marry me ya dont think shes gonna say yes 2 that so i aint gonna tell her bout u i know just thinking about you andi all day i was thinkin bout u 2 n wonderin where u was 2 day may i ask how are things with at your home for you are you happy thier its ok kinda bored cause gma n gpa just go 2 work n then they r 2 tired 2 do nething fun i am hoping for a reload that will take me by you going to salt lake for monday cool i dont got school if that happens then i could be thier late friday nite and we would hav sat to spend awesome u said monday first n then u said friday or saturday? which day would u b here? and if you could say that your going to spend the nite at sarahs then you could spend then nite with me in the truck if you wanted to omg cool that would b fun load would deliver in salt on monday k is that christmas day that u would come? ohh wait christmas is on thursday ok cool after it was loaded tomorrow the i would drive to you and be thier friday nite ok m talking this weekend but the load has to go to salt lake for a monday, however it could end up going to seattle wa area im confused lol i am hoping the boss finds a load going to salt lake but however he can find loads going to washington so we need to xcross our fingers and hope i get to meet you cuz that is what i want awesome me 2 i was thinking about our plan if you wanted to runaway with me someday as well ok you hav a pc labtop or home pc its n old laptop how come? cuz you would hav to make sure you take that with you as well as a few clothes then make a note saying you went to live with a guy in a place called colorado city az where you and him will marry ok then we would need to change you hair color and maybe trim it a little ok cool i want red and the you and i wouold have to be very careful 4 the nxt 4 yrs tell your 18 at that time we would be ok ok i can do that those 4yrs you wouldnt be able to call anyone of your friends or family but what we would do is send them pics that your ok and all ok thats cool n all but if you are spotted with me the story would be that you was looking for a ride at a truck stop and thats how we meet ok and your name could be ruby saphfire thats cool! i like that do you wear glasses or contacs i dont wear glasses we would just have to be careful around ppl and kinda keep to our selfs ok colorado city is where men marry more then one wife and they are as young as you are really? i didnt know that yes the are apart of the original lds faith what are your thoughts about love making i donno kinda worried i dont know how 2 do stuff right cuz if we do we would also need to be careful and not get you pregnat yet as well ok like how? i need to know if i can get birth control over the counter ok if not then we will have to make sure i dont come inside you at all what do u mean? does that make sure that i dont get preg? when a guy come inside a girl between her legs then thier is a big chance she will get preg. ok n that dont hurt right? so i would have to wear what is calld a condom or knowan as a rubber i you want the felling of me coming inside you no it dont hurt ok cool once you do it you will never want to stop tho ok cool did u do it lots b 4? ys your going to love it tho k cool did u have lots of gfs b 4? no jst 3 so now im ur gf right? ys your the only one i want :-*>:D >:D lol what was ur other gfs like? was they pretty? ;) they was ok none of them a beautiful as you tho awww thanks none of then are as loving o me as you are :x:x your for reals right what u mean? your not a cop are you no lol why u say that? cops play like they are underage what 4? to bust men looking for under age girls but if you and i are for real then we can make this work i am for real tho im real i aint no cop promise cross my heart thats just weird that they would do that i think so i think it is dumb ya me 2 i promise that i will always love you and take care of you and to never leave you ur awesome what ya doin? thinking about you and if we do this what to do for when i am at home sorry when we are at home ok lol do u live by urself right now when ur at home? no i have been staying with my mom cuz she lives at home alone ok do u think she would like me? ys but kinda worried about age i would into you to ppl that your 18 ok but untell then we would try and live out of the truck and when we are home maybe get a motel room untell i can find a home for us ok cool i am thinking we can do the runaway end of feb or will you want to do it sooner you let me know ok cool what r we gonna do when u come this week? meet 1st then chat and go from thier ok cool when will u know if ur comin this way or not? what is thier to do thier noon tomorrow awesome so u might b here 2 morrow night? yes awesome! i will get on here as soon as i can n see if ur here or not! :-* depends on how fast i can get unloaded and then reloaded i will send you message asap when i know and my time i plan to be thier awesome i see u lol wish i could see you soon! what can we do around thier so we can meet in the open first ***LOCATION EDIT*** is not 2 far away like 10 or 15 min walk alot of ppl know you around thier not really i just moved here just b 4 summer ok did u sneeze? lol i saw! no nose itch lol least u wasnt pickin it! at my old school there was a guy that was always pickin his nose i like to pick your in your sleep lmao u wanna pick my nose??? eeeww lol just wait tell i lick you all over lol you want that sounds cool can i tickel you hmmm lol what do you think about when your with a guy i donno how far did you and your ex bf get just kissin my gmas callin me brb 8-> back i gotta go in a min i cant wait 2 see u!!!! i hope u get 2 come 2 morrow i was going to say its near your bed time ya gma finally saw i was still up lol i stay up till she notices! i can stay up later when i dont got ne school! ok loves you sweet dreams have a fun day at school.>:D ok i will peek at my computer as soon as i get home from school ! night :-*:-*:-* nice you win lol go to bed so you can sleep over sat awesome ok night! :-* one more i am sorry boss did not find a load going to salt lake this really sucks but i am working on plan to come see you soon hey i got ur message =(( i was thinkin bout u when i was at school! we got 2 watch movies n eat cookies all day ill b back later n maybe u will b on line B-) :-* >:D giv me 5 min ok! ur drivin again! i see u ys how was school was fun we watched movies n played games what did u watch grench that stole christmas dont u gotta look at the road!! lol ur gonna get in a wreck! i b stopd n 3 k :-* =(( you thier ya whats you doing waitin 4 u where did ya go 2 day? did you get message about having to go north to portland oregon ya u didnt say where u was goin that sucks!!! r u there now? no it will take me 2days to get thier thats a long time! i will be thier sat sometime i was hopin u was gonna come here that cuz i am only alowed to drive 11 hrs a day i wanted to come and be with you >:D i want to also get you a web cam cool that way we could see eachother ya we r gonna go get christmas presents 2 morrow 4 my gpa n cousins i am sad that i dont get to see you this wkend me 2 are you really wanting to leave your family for me aint that what people do when they r gonna get married? ys but are you going to get home sick and want to go bac to them so u dont wanna no more? =(( i do want you just want to make sure its what you want ya >:D i wnat to know will you love me more than your family ya cause we woudl b married right? but if u dont wanna then i guess i understand :( we will have to find away to get married k but ys i want to marry you and take care of you >:D what ya listenin 2? cuz your age and that your gparent would report you missing we may have to ok hey hey what? lol you went off line no i didnt im here silly lol you and i will have to work together and find away to get married ok cool what ya doin? thinking how to make this work for us i thought u did i have i just want to go with it and come get you ok cool what kinda music do u like? i am open just to see you happy cool do u got a cd player in ur truck? yes i dont got very many cds but i got a couple thats ok if you want to runaway with me try and stay out of family pics for the holidays what do u mean? like u would come soon? is that what u mean? the pics will give ppl a recent pic of what you look like ohh ok and the police and your family will use then on posters i didnt think of stuff like that nobodys gonna make posters 4 me lol why do you say that just cause was it hard for you gparent to take you in i donno how long did you live in foster care tell you moved in with gp like bout 5 years i didnt know my gma n gpa b 4 i moved here 5 yrs to find them i dont think they was lookin really are they from your moms side or your dads i donno cause they didnt never tell me nothin they r my dads what dose your gma say about your dad they dont talk bout him much like maybe they didnt like him n my mom much how do they feel about you i guess they like me cause they let me move here cuz if they dont want you i know i will take you in awww ur so sweet >:D i want you will b cool what ya doin? so not many pics of you the then no gma just got a reg camera n she dont use it much my cm lost my other scrapbook who pays for your internet for your pc i unplug gpas computer n plug mine in then it works it dont work if i dont do that oh ok dose foster care check in from time to time not ne more that was when i was in texas did they have any pics of you the cw lost my scrapbook nice this may work then i was kinda mad cause she lost it she kept tellin me she would find it but she didnt cause it was mine not hers n she had it when i moved fhs one time n didnt give it back i am sorry that happend ya how ever with no pics of you you would be hard to find for the police ohh ok ya the only ones i got r on my computer what ya lookin at out the window? thats what i want to make sure of stuff lol; want to see ys can you see cool is that snow? snow in the high deasert i didnt know it snowed in the deasert aint it suposed 2 b hot in deaserts? first time i have seen it i have seen the mtns your looking at cool those are the seirra navada mtns r u at the top of them? no i am just be low them i didnt never see snow b 4 it snowed here now theres lots of snow its pretty and COLD!!! i want to take you out in it and have snowball fight i would win lol when i take you down then where will you be lol down in the snow lol me on top of you kissing you as i put snow on you that would b cold! then i will pic you up and take you to the truck and warm you up k lol if you want me to make love to you ok what do you think i think its cool what do u think? your fun i am? yes ur fun 2 and beautiful thanks and lovable :"> thanks so you been without mom and dad for 5yrs ya i want to hug you now >:D >:D can you tell me what was it that your ex bf laughd about he was makin fun of me that your still a virgin or something else ya i think it nice that you are i hope to teach you everything you want to know ok cool your gpaw dosnt check your pc dose he he dont even use his own k just making sure they dont go thro yours nope gma gets on gpas computer n looks at her email sometims she gets lots n lots of emails but dont read them much lol how old would you say they are in 60s they should be retired then ya gma said in a couple years if you was to leave how much would you need to take guess my computer n clothes n cds looks like 2 bags then is that gonna fit in ur truck? ys k so you never met the whole fam then not all them some came here 4 thanksgivin n we went 2 see some how did that go for you any of them talk with you ya some of my cousns r same age n some r younger n i babysat would you babysat me ok lol do u need a babysitter? jst you k lol then u can go 2 time out if ur naughty lol no want to be spanked lol lol have you seen men naked be4 ya one time but not like all the way what did you get to see just his privates how old was you 12 will you be ok with getting naked with me then when we are together ya do you want to see me now that the sun is dwm ya i see u i dont see you i may go to bed here tonite do u see that little pic? >>>> thats me lol so ur not gonna drive no more? i want one with a smile tho dont look like it but you never can tell with me did u eat supper? not yet me either nobodys here 2 day but me so i gotta make my own where do u eat when ur in ur truck? n where do u go 2 the bathroom? well ok eat out alot sometime get food to go then eat in trk. bathrooms when i stop along the way when i need to go i was wonderin just bein nosey lol i like you asking ?s k whats that behind u 2 day? it looks different? will you be ok wearing sun glasses when we are out and about ya im in the driver set seat i like sunglasses thats my dig cam and spare keys 4trk ohh i couldnt tell behind me is the certain to close off to sleeper i like that color i hope the other trk is red inside as well what other truck? but it will have more room boss is replacing this trk cool when will u get it? end of this month thats like a christmas present hope so when i see the type of trk i will take pic for you so you will hav a idea ok cool when we met what was you looking for what do u mean? i am trying to recall was it me that started chatting with you or was it you i donno i dont remember either r u fallin asleep? lol ur eyes was closin! nope not yet when your with me we would shower together r u gonna have a shower in ur new truck? LOL no we get showers at trk stops that i get fuel from cuz they are free when i get at least 50gals somebody might see there what do u mean showers r free? it dont cost nothin 2 take showers it dose on the road at truck stops really? i didnt know that yes cuz it cost to clean them and get ready for the nxt person r u gonna go 2 ur moms 4 christmas? no i am going to be on the road some place u need a christmas tree! y cause its gonna b christmas they got little bitty ones no place in this trk for one aww nxt trk you can hav one tho ok cool what do you like to eat like lasagana n nachos n tacos pizza whats ur favs? you u cant eat people lol well..... depends on what your talking about hows that? women love to be eatin really? like what? i was playing around but i like the same foods you do. what i was meaning by eating you that is when i will go down between your legs and lick and suck your thats whats calld eating a woman ohhh do guys like doin that? yes i do and you will love it as well ok r u chattin with somebody else? no why cause u aint chattin sorry i want you to spank me lol what do you want to talk about i donni donno im gettin hungry tryin 2 think of somethin 2 make what r u gonna eat? i was trying to get to a twn with a mcdanalds be4 you came on but dnt make it r u very far away from one? i have a chevron here i was going to look and see if they have something i may want instead 30 miles r u singin? it looks like ur talkin 2 sombody? lol no i am chatting with you lol i just passed up 2 phone calls for you u dont gotta do that? i do cuz i want you more it was a nother trker friend of mine he is ok but i want you cuz your the bestest one to chat with ur cool 2 chat with 2 what cds do you have i got nickeback n yellow card 50 cent i like those n i got taproot greenday cool i got a case they go in can i eat you i hope i get a couple 4 christmas kinda hard 2 do that on the computer lol do you want me to i can try it sounds cool have you ever touched or played with yourself down thier couple times me eating you would kinda feal like that but hotter cuz its a warm wet tounge touching you ok brb got to go bathroom ok m bac where did u have 2 go 2 go 2 the bathroom? lol chevron store and i got food what did u get? yum is that all u got? 2 of them did u get ne milk? lol i see it is that ur fav cereal? kinda i like captin crunch m trying to think of how to get u an ide or proof of you being who we say u are i dont got that now not if your going to b ruby saphfire ya like a driver lisense? i cant get that yet remimber we need to change who u r 4 the nxt 4 yrs ya n i get red hair! do u hav u birt certificat ya gmas got it in her file is it lock up no do i need 2 bring that? yes that also anything of who you are like what else? your social security card info all that stuff is in the same file thingy good that stuff we would need to make changes to so we can get you a new ide so you and i can get married ok cool u think of everything i didnt never think of all that stuff when you are with me you and i will look for someone who can change that stuff for us ok who does that kinda stuff? dont knw yet i am going to wait tell you are with me to look tho ok cool brb im hungry ok i miss y0ou :-* back missed u 2 where u at? m here k where did ya go? get water for the nite k what did you eat mac n cheese what ya doin? getting undressed 4 u k u want tht ok how do i look good what do you want to know about me like did u ever have ne pets? ys i like cats mostly cool my gmas got a dog i never had my own what do you like i like dogs n cats maybe birds guess u cant have ne cats in ur truck y not i have seen ppl with cats cool may i ask you what did your mom look like or do you know ya she kinda looked like me but bigger i guess k i aint seen her in a long time do you speak any other langueg no but that would b cool do u? no idont but we could learn together which one do u wanna learn? german is one or spanish that sounds fun the pics on myspace was you 12 or 13 both what u watchin on ur tv? bad boys 2 aint that the same one u was watchin the other day? no i that was bad boys 1 oh lol i kinda like if for the comidy ya we watched the grench movie at school i like that one ya do u got that one? no i have finding nemo, garfield, ice age cars i like all those! finding nemo is my fav did you school take any pics of you like class pics ya they did that couple weeks ago any of them with just you or with the class just me they didnt turn out very good so we r gonna do the retake day its like on the first week of school when we go back they could be used by the cops then should i not retake them? would be best if you want to really be with me ok gma didnt buy the other ones cause my hair was stickin up looked dorky what color is your hair kinda light brown we put highlights in it like on the pict on my myspace ok why did your gps take you in and not both you and your brother my gma said my brother can come here if he starts bein good is he older no im oldest he gets in trouble lots most boys do what scares you i dont like scary movies like the creepy ones same here ya the scary ones r freeky i dont scare you no silly lol u dont scare me k i guess i am going to bed here r u fallin asleep? not yet but i will have a long day tomorrow ok will u b on here 2 morrow? yes but not tell i get near portland i still have 930 miles to drive thats lots how long will that take? if i would have kept going i would have been down to 400miles left for tomorrow takes me 11 hrs to drive 630 miles but it ok i will make it work ok i will try and have cam on for you when i have signal ok not all place i go throu will have any signal that sucks i knw i want you here so i could hold you ya >:D do you wear make up i got some i dont wear it much you have dimples lol do you have dimples kinda what color r ur eyes? i am looking at one of your pic in myspace where you are in a yellow shirt blue bead neckless and a smile blue i might go 2 sarahs house 2 morrow k and do what i donno we like 2 play rock band nice dose your gpa try and look at you when your changing clothes i dont change in front of him im in my room or the bathroom he never trys tho no k what can i teach you we r gonna learn spanish do i gotta go 2 school? no sweet! will home school you tho spanish what else? teach you about love ok how to feed me lol i dont cook so good i ment for me to eat you ohhh lol i want to kiss you ok :-* do you like to sing ya but i dont sing so good for me ok lol do u sing? kinda cool then u can b the singer lol im more of a sing along i do my best making love is that when u sing? lol no jst want to play with ya brat lol what would you want to do the 1st nite we sleep together whatever u show me end of feb i will be ready to make things happen for us ok cool how come the end of feb? thats a long time just cause i want to have a place for us to stay when we are at home dont want to live with mom with ya ok so i wont get 2 see u 4 reals till then? i am working for sooner tho :( oh no i planning to take a special trip down to see you awesome i cant wait get us a room or something wish it was right now if it was i would be tickeling you lol the trying to take your shirt off k do you wear a bra ya then i would slip that off you k as i am kissing you and working my way down your neck :-* :x:">:-*>:D :xB-) whats with the glasses what are you doing is like cool watchin u what do you see u i like to b touchd ok how big would you say that mans privet was i donno i didnt have a ruler lol did it look small i guess not did he show you on perpose ya whats you doing what do you have on what are you wearing my pjs have you had the sex ed in school yet had health class that will b cool that i dont gotta go 2 school no more how do you feel about art class its fun so you want to be in my class then ok u gonna teach art? i am art ya lol ur funny are you willing to learn things from me?> ya have you ever seen ppl make love or have sex no do you want to learn about that ok is that yes ya cool what ya doin? when is your bed time dont got one no school 2 morrow what do you want to chat about whatever u wanna i dnt have much other than sume sex stuff ok like i see u lol what do you see i see u playin with ur privates you want me to stop im cool with it if u r you never seen a mans cum have you no if i jack off that what it is calld when men play with then selfs ok would you be touching yourself i didnt do that just watchin can u c ya is kinda blurry do u like it is interestin that the size u c b4 ya i think so kinda hard 2 tell need closer ij oops ok hws tht good i want 2 teach u about sex ok dose it scare u not me do u want 2 touch me sounds cool i want u 2 have my kids ok looks ok 4 u ya ya some girl like 2 suc on it ok do guys like that? ys k would u try it i could try it do u want 2 c me come ok can u c my come ya did that scare you no did u leave? ur web cam stopped guess u left nope u ok what ya doin? thinkn i scared u no lol what are you doing where did u go? lost connection some how ok my little show you liked it ya what are you doing watchin u that all ya how big of a place are you in how many bed rooms are thier three when will you be home tomorrow i donno what time sarah can hang out yet i gotta call her 2 morrow i wish we could talk on phone maybe i can call u i can sneak gmas phone 2 morrow she have cell ya ok cus if you can then we could talk for abit cool do you want the number ya 208-724-0295 ok cool make sure you know how to erase it ok from her phone i can try b 4 i call 2 see if it works i should get to bed loves i have a long day drive yet ok night i am working to see you soon ok i cant wait >:D :D oops it didnt work try again ok its gone was you sending me something no u was sending me somethin but it didnt work oh i click the wrong thing oh ok i am sleepy go 2 sleep silly we can chat late tomorrow again i home to be near portland ok cool nite loves ya night luvs u 2 xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo lol go 2 sleep lol k night! whos your boyfriend u r k just me ya silly k loves ya hey r u still drivin 2 day? missin u hey loves :-* >:D lol did u get where u was wantin 2 go? did you have a fun day i forgot where u said u was goin? ya i went 2 sarahs house n i just got home a little bit ago i am on my way to portland oregon area m happy u had fun missed u i missed you i kept looking for you all day awww i jst wanted to know that your ok im ok lol i think of you alot i was thinkin bout u 2 what did you do with sarah we played rock band n went shoppin with her mom i havnot made it to where i wanted to but i am in good place for the nite gona wait here and see how the winter storm dose for the nite is it lots of snow? m only 207 miles to drive tomorrow where u at? i am on us 97 in a town calld chemult oregon cool thats LOTS of snow! more on the way for the nite what if u get stuck there? i wont unless the roads close tomorrow i will have to put chains on my tires to get over the next mtn then i will make it to portland omg b careful!! i will the chains will help me feel like i am on dry roads is it hard 2 get those on all ur tires? thats lots of tires! no take me 45 mins to a hr to put 4 chains on that is all i will need to put on for the state of oregon now im gonna b scard all day with u drivin in that i am ok in it ok ;;) i will stay safe for you my love yay! what ya doin? i dont knw what i did but now my task bar is to the right of my screan insted of on bottom thats weird yes and i dont know how to fix it me either oh well i will work on it what are you doint doing lookin at snow on ur web cam lol can you see the pick up moving snow i cant tell what it is i see it moving i wish you was here we could hav fun in the snow ya like a snowball fight lol yes and i would take snow and put it down your shirt that would b COLD! thats the point of it 2 freeze me? LOL the cold snow would get your nipples hard cause they would b froze ys then i would worm them up for you lol i would suck on them tell they are warm lol then we could go and have a warm shower the get some hot coco k cool do you want a cat or puppy i got some hot chocolate now puppy k we can get one awesome! is my age ok with you ya i like u r u ok with mine? ys i am ok with yours yay you know i am old enough to be your dad tho right im cool with it ok great i was thinking that when you are finialy with me we would tell ppl that your my daughter untell we find away to get married ok did you eat ya what did you have some chicken stuff in pita bread n cheese n fruit the chicken stuff wasnt all that great what did u eat? nothing yet i want you to eat lol but i will go look mite have cererial again is that a store by u? yes its a truck stop calld pilot i like 2 eat cereal 4 supper sometimes 2 i have ben liking that lately loook at the snow coming down heavyer its dont look like its snowin on the cam i saw it when u moved the cam its building uo on my hood ya what kind of swim suite do you wear i got a bikini and a one piece what one do you like most i like them both i like 2 go swimmin so do i cool nowhere 2 go swimmin here me n my friends in texas went swimmin every day we can find some on the road that would b tight i know we would hav fun ya! i know i would with you we could race do you like hot springs whats hot springs? hot springs is where the water is warm or hot fun to go in at nights the water in the pools in texas is always warm or hot some of the places i now of have warm or hot water its like taking a bath cool sometime ppl go to then at nite and get naked they take a bath in the pool? soak not a bath i was using bath to give you idea of how hot the water is oh ok can u swim in them or they r like a hot tub? hot water tub i know of a public swiming pool up in idaho that we can swim in tho that would b cool cause i love swimmin we can go camping at that place also campin is fun snows getting deeper what if u get stuck there? i will stay then they wont get mad cause its late will they? nope nothing can be done about snow ya cause it aint ur fault yep i want you to be with me me 2 what did you think about of me all day i was tryin 2 think of somethin 2 get u 4 christmas simple it you all i want i want to just make you hapy happy ya but u gotta get a present y cant it be your love can b that 2 lol i dnt want to get out to go get something to eat do u got ne thing in ur truck 2 eat? nope that sucks cause its COLD watch me i am going to go with out a coat brb ok did you see me i saw u walk back i missd u 2 missed u 2 whats ur fav color purple whats urs? blue? ohh its red red lol i remember lol hoe tall r u 5 f 2 what is ur idea of marrage like it is cool did it stop snowin? are you thier ya where did you go i was here you wasnt talking yes i was lol i asked u if it stopped snowin oh didnt stop stll snowing sorry i had bad connection here its still snowing k cool what are you doing? chattin with u n darla at the same time i thout you was chatting with someone else that is cool im still here 2 chat with u 2 i knw lov i trust you :-* kisses ur cam turned off sorry that didnt work boo its showin internet adds lol it aint showin u on it yet boo i see u humm what would you do if i was your bad boy guess u gotta sit in the corner lol what if i dont lol i donno would you spank me like i dont wanna hurt u you would hurt me spankins hurt na tickels lol where do you like to be touched i like holdin hands did u sleep late 2 day? no i did! i kept dreaming of you I-) looks like ur asleep now lol almost i wishing you was here so i could hold ya me 2 put you body against me ok you know you and i would sleep naked ok brb k back k I-)I-)I-)I-)I-)I-)I-)I-)I-)I-) lol thats u sleepin! kinda no nt me ya u lol missd my nap go 2 sleep silly y lol hehe i am here i see u sleepin sorry i am old guy lol night cant stay up like you youngins lol where are you going gonna go 2 sleep 2 you are what time will you be on tomorrow i can get on when i wake up i plan to start driving at 10am and be bone in 5hrs depends on the roads could take longer just to be safe for you ya u better lol k nite nite love you xoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxoxo>:D :x:);):-*o:-)=P~ night! :o) u I-) u lol :x>:D hey! hey love i was just thinking about you r u awake now lol no i am sleep chatting with you lol i knew it! lol did u get stuck in snow? i havnt left the truck stop yet but looks good so far cool its still snowing thou how long will it take u 2 get 2 ur next spot? i can be throu the snow in 3 to 4 hrs once i get down to oakridge or i can take my chains off then drive on clean roads we r gonna go out 2 eat breakfast did u eat yet? we are lol gpa is taking us out 2 breakfast here then i was wonderin if YOU ate yet? no have not ate yet im waiting to eat you lol lol will ur boss send u here next? not sure i will ask for something that way why just wonderin i will try :x what ya doin? y do you want to know cause i thought u was gonna come see me i am going to try yay! are you pouting ya lol do you need me to tickel you lol :-* ;;) >:D gpas ready 2 go! ttyl miss u already! ok have fun b safe as i will for you my love :-* :( hey i am happy now HI what ya doin? missing you missed u 2 i am safe in portland or area yay did u get ur truck empty now? no in morning what ya doin then? laying in bed how was your day was ok i was real sleepy all day n i even slept late what did you do we went out 2 breakfast n then sarah came over 4 awhile cool you have fun with her ya we was playin games i missd you all day but i kept myself safe for you good did it snow some more? ys snowd all nite but once i got over my next mtn it was wet roads tell i got outside r u sleepin again? I-) lol no i am kinda on phone to a guy i really dont like how come u dont like him? hes a dork lol i wish i was talking to you in person maybe i can call u when gma gets home i want to hold you >:D off the phone now k cool would you be ok with me that i dream of making love with you ya how was breakfast with gps was just mcdonalds i like egg mcmuffins whow did u ever eat breakfast? no i was going to but thier was a bus of japanise troust so i skipd out i ate a few hours ago tho do u know where ur gonna go next? not tell i am unloaded with both of these stops i have to do i am only at the 1st one for in the morning hey how who yohooo lol i am watchin finding nemo cool do you see me yep what is your idea of marrage life like hangin out n goin places n havein fun what about doing other things like makeing love and kids thats cool 2 what about help taking care of each other ya gotta do that k do you want to be a stay at home mom type of woman would b more fun 2 go lots of places you will with me cool but m just thinking about when we have kids i donno what do u think? dont know we can wait tell we do have kids or are wanting to ok why do you want red hair cause sounds cool can we have it cut to shoulder length ya caues its got real long now m just looking to make change to you so ppl wont reconize you k cool i hope the new truck is in so i can move into it thats what i am waiting for for us ur new truck will b a cool christmas present then i can come and get you and we can make our changes then get a puppy awesome! what kinda puppy?? thats for you to pic yay what can we name it? again thats for you to pic how bout wally? nemo that would b a good name lol jst make sure you pic a male pup ya what if its a girl puppy? i gotta think of a girl name you will be good to him right ya yes you should have a name for a girl red would b a good name 4 a boy yes like ur truck and your hair oh ya lol do you shave your legs yet ya my fm wouldnt let me but i didnt ask my gma i just did neway do you shave ne other place no not under your arms dont got ne there what about your privat area dont got ne there either do people shave that? ys some do and some dont you dont have to k cause aint nothin 2 shave lol k well dont yet i want to see you with hair down thier when it come in k is it ok i like sex ya ok jst dont want you uncomfortable i aint your sweet what are you doing? what makes you madd no ice in the freezer lol i have lots of ice 4 you lol i like ice in cokes i dont i should let you see what it looks like outside ok r u looking ya whats that? that deep snow its hard 2 see it thats the best i can do its cool where r u at? milwaukie oregon i mean where like what is that building? i dnt knw that building i hope i am at the one i deliver to tho ohh ok where are you in the dinin room who do you love u how much do you love me >:D why do you love me cause ur cool what will you do if you ever get mad at me i aint gonna get mad at u cool you promise to always go to bed with me ya i see u what do u want 2 know about me did u like school? it was ok i knw i wantdo finish it its kinda boring ya it alway was what else do u like? not much i like to watch ppl have sex u do? i never seen nebody do it b 4 ys that ok ya i will show you a new world when you are with me cool i like to have fun mostly with you k cool i like 2 have fun i like 2 play games on my computer do u play games on urs? no scared to dwn load any theres games on this dont gotta download them ha! i will win! lol u have 2 hit start i have no pic no pic just a box with a x thats weird maybe u gotta do the invite thingy? thats the picture one i m not smart at this stuff the game one is next 2 it me either i get nothing where did you go it booteed me out guess the games aint workin 2 day must not like me lol sometimes it does that will you want a tattoo might b cool do u got ne? no not yet r u gonna get ne? if u want me 2 i donno lol im gettin sleepy r u sleepy yet? i am ok for now but you have school tomorrow dont you nope christmas break no school till jan 6 nice we can stay up late ya cept im sleepy lol you can go to bed loves if you need or want to k night tty 2 morrow k loves ya nighty night kissess >:D :-* are you on ya r u? lol no i am not here lol ohh guess i better go then you better not lol did you sleep well yep did you hav dream i dont remember them if i did sometimes i think i had a dream n then when i wake up i cant remember it do u ever do that? sometimes did u have ne dreams? yes been dreaming of you was it scary? LOL no you and i going for walk in the snow then you hit me with a snowball yay lol then i run after you and take hold of you in my arms and tickel you lol n then i get u with another snowball what happened? dont knw i clicked on to the imviroment to see what it dose what do you see are you thier there r u there? that picture wont go away i am here that better it didnt show what we was typin just pictures oh this ones workin cause i can see what ur typin i m waiting tell 830pm that is when i get to deliver the rest of this load and then in the morning i will get reload how come u gotta wait so long? thats when albertsons want there stuff that is the time that was set to recieve this stuff what r u gonna do all day then? hope to chat with you then maybe watch more snow come down lol lots of snow tell you about how i would like to cuddle up to you kiss you and slowly take off your clothes if you would let me ok would you want that i can do that :x let me kiss my way down to eat you ok would you let me kiss your feet if u wanna lol might tickle ya are your legs tickelish ya pretty much everywhere so i should maybe tie you down to kiss your feet and legs lol would you let me play with you ya what ya wanna play? i ment by me touching you private and rub it with my fingers ok sitll wont let me i dont know how come the games dont work they r workin when im playin with my friends must not like me its so cold in here! i wish i was with you to let you cuddle up to me ya what would you like to do if you was stuck here with me we could play games like what could play games i think gma is gonna get me some games 4 christmas ya is that going to make you want to stay with them i just bring the games with so you will still want to come be with me then ya silly your so hot im freezin cold lol i would say think of me under you eating your private but thats never been done before ya i never did that b 4 you will like it so much that you may end up making me do that all the time ok cool may i ask about your time of the month what do u mean? its that time when you bleed in your private area ohh ya i get that ok that is good to know you know all you have to do to take care of it then ya what game do you hope to get computer monopoly n life game harry potter scene it nevr saw it u didnt see harry potter? nope omg those r so good u gotta go get them bet u would like them i read all the books 2 oh those r my favs caN u dance not very good can u? same as u i like watchin dancin with the stars wish i could dance like that what scares me about us is that if we are caught the law will take you away from me and put me in jail and send you back to live with your gps :( thats so dumb i dont want that me either i dont want u 2 go 2 jail that why we need to change who you are and try to make you look older do u want me not 2 chat with u no more? i wont bug u :( cause i dont want u 2 get in trouble n i dont wanna get in trouble what do u want me 2 do? not to stop chatting with me ok :) i want you i know we will find away to make it work ya >:D i think we hav a good plan tho ya me 2 i want to go for it and take you on the road cool n get the puppy? ys wally! or red yep do you know how or any sware words ya like what like dam shit lol how come? just wanting to know if i need to teach you the other things that has to do with sex sware words r sex stuff? i didnt know that some like my private is called a dick or cock ok yours is a pussy or cunt ok do you knw those ya when you want sex it is sometimes called fuck ok what is that little nub in your pussy what do ppl call it pussy is that right? pussy is the whole area but what i am talking about is that little sensitive area above it at the top of your pussy lips where girls go pee? a little high might be the place you have played with k brb k back k that little nub i am talking about is called a clit ok why you knw what i am talking about now ya i think thats what girls like to be rubed and played with ok do you know how to wear high heels and short skirts ya i dont got ne high heals we will get some sometime k cool i like you to dress sexy for me sometimes kinda like showing off your body parts to ppl with out you being naked ok that ok 4 u ya are you a shy person kinda is that bad? no it fine its good to be shy for now cause of what we are going to do ok how come? cause of your age silly k lol but how come its good 2 b shy? well for now it is i do want use to open up and make some friends later ok cool i was just wonderin do you want me to be your 1st man to go inside your pussy if u still want 2 i do want to be your 1st man ok i want to come down thier and go shopping with you then later we go to a hotel and then make out unless you are ready to leave town with me that day then we get out of town and make the changes to you ok i like shoppin what r we gonna buy? not sure yet maybe some clothes and get your hair done i like clothes! we would look for clothes to make you look older in cool and take the ones you was last seen in and leave them to be found later like leave them at home? no some other place so that it may stop ppl from looking for you oh ok i get it your learning lol we are looking to get ppl to stop looking for you that way we can go on ok tell your 18 then we are in the clear what do u want 4 christmas? im gonna get u a present to eat you lol that aint a very good present lol it is to me i jst want to make you happy thats all i want ;;) i want ppl to think you are at colorado city az cuz it would be hard to find you at one of the morman houses thier ok how r u gonna do that? that why you will need to write and leave a letter that is where you went to ok what do I write? they will think the guy you are with drove and took you thier just that you went to live with a man that lives thier and you are to marry him ok what ya doin? sorry boss calld k when i get unloaded tonite i have to go over to the northwest of portland to load in the morning for la grande or then after la grande or i go home to get a load for texas wheres lagrand? its 250 east of here that wont take very long right? depends on the roads then u get 2 go 2 texas? cool i miss texas it been closed all weekend whats closed? the road just east of me have been close do to the snow oh so they need to open up tomorrow what if it dont open? then i dont go anywhere ur stuck there? that sucks yes it dose gma didnt have 2 work 2 day so i gotta help her clean later cause she wants it all clean in here cause theres gonna b lots of people here 4 christmas that will be nice for you to spend time with her i dont like cleanin whos gona do it tho i gotta vacume n dust n put stuff away ya you and i will have to work together and clean the truck when it needs it that aint like real big like a whole house! what about when we have a house tho then thats different cause i wont b messy i am sure your gma isnt messy as well no just gpa what about our clothes will you help me wash and put them away ya how do u wash clothes in ur truck? i do them when i am home but when i m not i wash them at the truck stops that have washer and dryers i didnt know they had washers n dryers truck stops got everything yep some of them do thier are some that have theaters in them they only play what has come out on dvd tho tuesday looks good for the roads to open calls for cold with some sun and a high of 36 so by the time i am loaded the road could be open then i will be on my ay cool way are you gone im here i dnt see you here lol i wanna talk gma in2 goin 2 mcdonalds 4 supper k why do you want to do that got a bf at mcdonalds just playing with you i trust you lol cause i want french fries m just looking at the weather radar i like thier sweet and sour for my fries i like ketchup boooo lol i like mcdonalds sweet and sour i use it on everthing i get thier yuck lol i might us it on you but your already sweet so i wont need it after all lol i may use wipe cream on you tho wash hair with it? no lol put some on your nipples and suck real hard some on your clit and lick it clean k i want to make you cum for me girls cant do that lol yes they can it not like guys cum its what is calld a orgasim for girls i didnt know girls did that you will once you have had a guy open you up and take your cherry i want to be that guy tho ok i will teach you all about sex if you want me to ok do you want me to ya i will have some movies for you 2 watch as well to help you learn new things ok did finish u watchin finding nemo last night? yes not sure what i want to warch tonite thinking about a western movie what one? its a old one calld the out law of josie wells i dont know that one its a clint eastwood movie it was made bac in 1970's k that one or pale rider is it an old one 2? yes about 1980s do you know if your mom was big in the chest or small kinda middle i guess about a c cup ya i guess i dont remember 4 sure k just wondering how you will turn out oh lol some girls will look like mom ya as far as shape i dont really care about the shape tho just as long as we love each other ya :x you love me :)>:D :-*o:-) ya i love to see your blue eyes you want to get me something how about more picx of you please i dont got a camera that ok i can wait tell we are togethet then i can look at you all i want right ya i want some cookies and milk yum sounds good when your 18 and i get you preg i am going to ask you to let me nurse on your breasts nurse on them? suck on them oh k just like i am a baby for you a really big baby lol ya and so do u got cookies? no y cause i can make u some cookies i like choclet chips me 2 i do miss the chrismas cookies tho they r the best the ones that have frosting with sprinkles i would like to put ice cream on you then lick it off that would b cold! ys and your point is i donno lol what i do to you dosent mean you cant do to me ok would you be ok riding along with me and sitting in your seat wearing a tank top and a short skirt with no panties on ok if you did that you could torcher me cause we would have to get teh miles done b4 i could touch you ok lol it would be hard for me cus i would have what is calld a hard on all day a hard on it when my dick is hard would that hurt? hurt what 4 u 2 b hard all day no just be uncomfortable just giving you some ideas to pay me bac ok lol cause your hot to look at thanks i want us to be together for ever ya cuz i love you like this >:D >:D brb you can leave me back i dont believe you left me had 2 go pee lol ok i dont need to hold your hand for that ya lol yay gma just said we can go 2 mcdonalds i will eat some extra fries 4 u with ketchup! yuck lots n lots of ketchup want sweet and sour lol ill b back later i will fix you :-* :-* hav fun love you :x how was may fries yum m gona teach you to like other things like what? mee i already like u silly m at the place 2 get unloaded what did u take them? food stuff ok m watching garfield now you should see my trk it has snow everywherer cool hehehe my heart is falling for you ok cool i like that one you hav nice lips thanks i want to kiss them have you french kissed ya how was it did you like it ya i think i have found away out of portland tomorrow awesome is it still snowing? road may open tho no stop snowing and sky was clearing up i could see a few stars so that is a good sign ya ya ya i want a feather how come? so i can hold you down and tickle you with it lol i will straddle your tummy with your arms at your side while i reach behind me and tickle your legs around your puss area k lol what would you do to me if you was on top tickel u like where and how like all over would you kiss me all over ya are you gental ya cool i wonder if i am unloaded dont they tell u? i havent felt anything on the trailer in awhile they are to call me on the radio ok what did you and your gma talk about while at mcdonalds she was talkin bout my cousins ya did you learn anything about them not really so you dont like them then i dont know them much do you want to i donno i dont talk 2 them much do you want to get to know them or do you want me more than that i want u more like this >:D >:D :-* is your hair soft ya do you use a blow dryer on it i got one but dont use it do you try and curl it or just brush it straight just brush it did you like that ya i like that i get to kiss you ya i didnt know it buzzed like that my sound dont work on my computer did it buzz? it was lips kissing you made a kissing sound i saw it just didnt hear it wish you did we can keep your pc for game to play ok cool tell we can buy another one like what i have that would b awesome what are you doing i never had a new computer b 4 chattin with u you will i want to take care of you ok what do you want i want that what do you want to do for me take care of u can i drive ur truck? i can get a driver lisense in 3 years lol someday i will teach you how to drive the truck. once when we fine away to prove that you are ruby saphfire or my daughter then yes we will try and get your license cool that will b fun but we have to find away to do what i said tho ok if you have any ideas about it let me know ok u already thought of everything i hope so ya i hope when you are with me that we can find away to make it work for the next 4 yrs it will k are you on birthcontroll no just wondering is any of your friends dont think so if they was thought you could ask em if they get it from the store or dose a doc perskribes it i donno how 2 get it i dnt knw also if we can get it then i can cum inside you ok that way you will now what it feels like to hav it inside you or have my cum shoot in side you thats what i mean ok brb gona go see if i am unloaded then i will turn cam on and you can watch me drive ok r u back yet? r u back yet? r u back yet? r u back yet? LOL i am here r they done? yes its all dark cant see it ur drivin! ur gonna b in a wreck if u drive n chat! no going 2 chat thout u would like 2 watch me ok cool just dont want u 2 get in a wreck r u stopped now? what ya doin? u ther ya just watchin u drive so dont have a wreck! k brb back k m stopd to get fuel ok >:D how much do u gotta drive 2 day? m near where i have to be for in the morning maybe 10 mins that was fast guess u left night >:D hey hi :x what ya doin 2 day? miss ya hey love i am here sorry hi i am in la grande oregon now roads opened up and i madi cool what are you trying to send me i dont know why that keeps poppin up :-* what have you done today helped gma clean i want to clean you lool lol guess what im doin now? did you get it all cleand ya what are you doing now i hope you being good im makin cookies ya can i dip them in your milk hehe they r good 2 ya i bet they are as sweet as you lol they are jst like you soft and sweet and lovable cept for the ones i burned lol i have burnd cookies b4 that was cuz i fell asleep after i put them in the oven oops lol yep i was really tired and forgot about them did u make the fire alarm go off? no almost tho i am waiting for that dorky guy o catch up to me then we will race home what dorky guy? i am going to win cuz i am empty i got loaded to day and unloaded today so ur all done? the one i was talking to on the phone not all done just have to get home so i can get a load of onions going to dallas tx no fair! u get 2 go 2 texas i want you to come omg really? sweet! oh but i may not get to go boss is waiting for the word that the ppl in tx want the onions tho oh i really do want to be with you i know :) if you wasnt so far south in utah i would pass throu and get you ok i so want you with me me 2 i cant wait for the time to come when we are forever together will b so cool is sarah the same age as you are ya i was thinking if we found a girl your age then we could use her info for you like what do u mean? in other words we would use her name to requst a birth certifice and use that to get you a license \i have to think a about it some more tho ok brb cookie buzzer hay dont burn them have you ever flashed someone im back i have missd you how did those ones turn out good got more in there now i want to put something in you oven do u wanna make cookies 2? someday i want to help you make a baby in your oven can you see this ya do you like it ya do you want me in your oven ya do you want to kiss me ya do you want to travel with me ya sounds cool brb cookies again :| back what took so long i mixed up some more oh your making them from scrach from a box mix same thing whats you doing now chattin with u n waitin 4 the beep are you watching me u aint on web cam i like doing that to you i kissed you agoin lol i am on cam i see u brb u look bored lol i am im back one more bunch wish you was here to tickle me i could make u some cookies how dont have a oven in here oh ya i would like to eat your cookies tho i got choc chip sugar oat meal n brownies i would love the choc chip with some ice cream ya those r good 2 make real big n then put ice cream in 2 of them n then freez them n u got ice cream sandwich i wonder what is taking that dork so long all he had to do is get a load 80mile bac from where i have cam from do u gotta wait 4 him or somethin? then call me when he is loaded and on his way no i dont its nice to chat on radio and get home tho ya when will u get home? i wish you was here to talk to me on the way home would b cool from here i am 142 miles from home it well take 2.5 hours to drive that aint very far r u gonna drive 2 night? nope ys fi he get here other wish i am going to bed here and get up and get home before boss is in office so i can turn in papers and then see about that load of onions if i do get the load i plan to be in dallas friday morning ur not gonna stay home on christmas? no not gona i dont have any one to spend it with what bout ur mom? dont want to oh k i am wanting the money so we can be together soon that is also y ok cool brb going in to get some cookies cuz you made me want some now lol k what cookes did u get? bac that kind is good not as yours i made real good cookes i got a movie also cool r u gonna watch it? try 2 never heard of that one did u leave? r u watchin me u turned it off or it went off r u there? do you see that tan box above my head ya that is where all my movies that start with a to p and the box you cant see that is straight above me is o to z cool where do u keep ur clothes n stuff like that? can u c tht ya its like a cute little closet hav one on each side of trk so thier is one nxt to me to my rigth the box is where i keep my folded shirt and the closets is where i keep the things i have to hang where are you in the dinin room what r u doin? sitting up what do you want me to do chat till i gotta go clean up my mess in the kitchen what do you want me to chat about u there? ya sorry i knw what happend did u eat all ur cookies? ys i wish i had yours tho ya they r good i bet i would have fun with you and the cookies ya u could help make them lol i would stand behind you and help you me kissing your neck and my hand touching you gona hve to teach you how to flirt lol thought u was gonna help make cookes i am i would be helping heat your oven...what i mean by your oven is your private areas and your heart ohhhh lol the insides of you are warm and feel great to me ok do you have milk ya can you see the movie ya kinda its little i now not very good for you to see its ok cause i cant hear it neway i wish you was here tho ya we could be eating your cookies and have some milk and watching a movie ya that would b fun the later make love ya then cuddle all nite ya are you done makin cookies ya just gotta clean up the mess b 4 gma gets home when do you need to start that in a little bit [38mhows that for looks i just like it reg its easier 2 read this way ya what dose your gpa do for work he sells stuff like what shoes cats i donno lol ppl like busness stuff he goes on trips lots travel sales man ya i guess i bet he is into porn how come most ppl that travel like he dose are into it they r? some are m ok tho r u ok ya why? cuz what i said im not alway right about ppl is ok gma a nurse ya how often dose he leave and for how long every couple weeks sometimes 4 a day sometimes 4 a week gpa got gma a surprise 4 christmas are they mormans he is gonna take her somewhere friday n they aint gonna get back till wednesday no k your turn to ask me ask u what? anything you want i gotta think of somethin lol whats ur fav movie? donno i think bad boys 2 :-* :-* my friend has calld be here in over a hour ok he will call when he gets over the moutain that is between us does the phone not work? yes it dose work y just bein nosey y cause im nosey lol do you need me to tickle you or kiss you lol ;;) oh you need both lol you want that dont you ya i gotta go in a minute ok you be on tomorrow then i am going to get some sleep the friend will be here ya ok what time r u gonna b on 2 morrow? i will try and look for you at noon ok loves ya i will try 2 b on then :x night >:D :x:)o:-):-* MERRY CHRISTMAS EVE HEY! lov you missed u what u been doin? missn u r u drivin! ys kinda how can u b kinda drivin? i gotta go in a min y cause i got cousins comin over they r little but they like 2 pester me lol can i pester u lol ya ur ok 2 pester u want mre ya how much more do u gotta drive? m done cool r u home now? i want to kiss you all over :-* ys i am at home waiting on another driver to get here so i can take his load from him' :-* how come ur gonna take his? i guess his trk need work and he wants to be home with family thats sweet of u 2 do that 4 him i dont get the load of onions cuz the ppl in dallas didnt want them that sucks where do u gotta take this guys stuff? to l.a cali thats far again :( yes new trk hope to be ready nxt wk cool that is also why boss wants me to stay nearby to make the trade cool i want to get in the new trk fast so i can get settled in and then get you yay the when i have you we get puppy where we gonna get him from? we will go shopping for him but we also have to make those changes to you ok that wont take very long cut your hair and color it take about 2 hours ya are thier shopping malls nearby you ya i like the one in st george the best i been there with my gma once we meet that is what we should do is get your hair changed then get puppy ok what do you think i think thats good i will pay for it but you will go in alone to get the changes done ok :x:-*>:D maybe i should get black hair what do u think? red or black what ever you want red then got to make you look different then you do now ya that will i think so ppl cant reconize you if gps get a photo out ya your cool thanks ur cool 2 you can put on make up also cool i dont got very much we can get some more the make up will help ppl not to reconize you also ok cause i dont wear it much now when you are with me i want you to ok i can do that i love you so much :x i want to put on show for you again what kinda show? i was flirting with you about letting you see me naked ohh ok cool to jst give you something to think about ok :x :-* what ya doin? thinking of what i want to do to you looks like ur fallin asleep! i want to take you lay you down strattle over you and tickle you lol as you are trying to get me to stop i would be pushing your shirt up so i can see your breasts ok as i then pinch and play with them k i would add some pain to it tell you was to undo my pants and take my thing out and play with it ok then i would move down to take your pants off so i can play with your private as i lay down nxt to you and kiss your sweet lips k cool as i hope you would be playing with me ya then i would lean down and take the closet breast into my mouth and gently suck on the nipple to make it hard k do you like your nipples hard i donno i didnt do that b 4 your nipple never gotten hard yt ye yet no you will let me play with them ya your hot woman thanks do you want to learn that type of fun i will learn whatever u wanna teach me i want to teach you all about sex ok it will make you feel good ok have u had new clothes 2 wear i dont got ne new ones i hope i get some 4 christmas i see what ur playin with when do ppl show up at ur place i donno do u want me 2 stop they should b here soon its ok ur cool i will turn u off if somebody comes what m i cool 4 cause i said so have you ever tried to runaway b4 no k dose it scare u to want 2 hav sex no do you want to show me your body ok yes or no ya have you had any thoughts about seeing me play with myself since you last saw thought it was cool do you hope to see it again sure ;;) :-* can u c ya is cool would u like 2 try and put it n ur mouth i can try that lick it ok would u play with it like u c me ya as i play with u ok there is so much i want 2 show u cool as it slides in  out of u its calld fucking u ok i gotta go somebodys here k love you k will u b on late 2 night? yes k i will try 2 come back when everybody goes 2 sleep k :-* :-* :-*>:D >:D :xo:-) wishing you a merry christmas and i miss you lots i am think about you and staying safe for you on my way to L.A ca i love you and hope to chat soon love to knw how your get together with family went. i am in a place calld fallon i am on my way to ca i plan to be there around 10 p.m . love you honey BOO! HEY I saw ya on and then by the time I got mine all the way on u signed out :( :xMERRY CHRISTMAS!:x hey yay :-* kisses hey! no drivin n chattin! I'll just watch! a bf in a wreck wont b ne fun! y caues it might kill u!!!! >:D tell me about your day i didnt get 2 sleep in cause my little cousins that was here woke us up real early n we opened presents i got some clothes n some games i have stopped long enough to chat but i will have to get need to be in la by 6am any cds no cds i got twilight books i stoped to help a guy that rolled his pic up over today omg thats scary was he ok? i didnt see it happen just showed up afew secs after a trkr going north saw it and told me about it i told that trkr to keep going and as soon as he has phone signal to call for hepl cuz the guy crashed in a no signal area then u got there? when i got thier some other ppl that saw it stoped the driver that crashed was out and moving around so all i did is put out markers so cops could find him where u at? i am still in nevada town calld luning i hav 351 miles to drive yet ick! thats a long way yes over 6hrs i can come back later so u can drive k i will be bac in 4hrs but i will still be driving but i want you to watch me on cam ok i will come back as soon as i can i gotta b careful cause theres still lots of people here k if not we can chat late after 10pm ok! i care about u luvs u 2 i lovs u more :-* :-* >:D o:-) i got some movies! like whatt i got ice age didnt watch it yet n i got the santa clause movie n the second one 2 but the second one aint very good cause i seen it b 4 with tim alen gma said i can take that one back n pick a diff one i think thats his name keep em u there? this froze up on me >:D :-* :x r u there yet? miss u hi i got up early 2 day gma n gpa r gettin ready 2 go on the trip ok sorry love it was a long nite i did finaly make it to where i need to be where are they going again :-* :x;):)>:D  ur my o:-) :-* >:D i just watch! k alomst 2 stop ok what u doin watchin u k lets chat k cool where ya at? m in mojavie ca i reloaded in the L.A area and on my way to reno nevada area 4 one stop at a wal-mart distrubution center have to be thier by 4pm sat only have 385 miles to go for that one ur all over the place lol then have to be up in grandview wa 4 second stop at another wal-mart dc bu sundsay 8 pm what ya doin? i stoped here to go to mcdanolds the to the trk stp to fuel and shower but i want to chat with you the most of all >:D i want to kiss you all over :-* what are you doing? nothin where did gps go again starts with m cant remember the name like las vegas but not there they just left couple hours ago mesquite nevada i cant remember you home alone then ya would have been the best time to come and get you ya did you get pesterd alot lol yep n the little kids didnt want 2 go 2 bed so they was up n wanting me 2 read storys n play with them i want you to read me some stories and play with me ok i got the next twilight books gonna read the third one ya would you sit on me and read to me ya what would you read to me could read the twilight books or harry potter books cause i got all those are you going to have sarah come over and stay with you probly go 2 her house some you gona stay at home over nite alone ya probly then i can chat with u ya we could do that cool i can call you late tonite also if you want me to cant call tell 9pm tho ok gmas got the phone forwarded but i can call u can you undo the phone i donno cause if one of gpas custmers calls then he would b mad if he misses it dam them cuz if i call you it dont cost anything so no one will care but if you call me it will be long distance and they might see it its a cell not house they left you with a cell wont that work? ys it will do they hav verizon i donno i think i got a calling card my friends gave it 2 me so i can call them its got a few min on it dont need the calling card if you got a cell ok if you knw for sure that they have verizon then we could talk now cus it is free to call verizon to verizon it dont use up airtime cool how can i tell? call 611 and see who pics up if you dont have verizon then it wont do anything but tell you you cant make the call if it is verzion the a recorded voice will pic up ok brb k it said thank u for calling the new a t n t they have at service is that the one forward to gma or is it he house forwarded one the house isnt then i can call any phone after 9pm tonite and not use up my mintues ok it will be so nice to here your voice ya will b cool and talk to you and you can maybe read to me while i drive cool see we can talk while i drive tonite cool >:D how long will they be gone till tuesday cool so we can talk all weekend cus all the cell phone companies are free on weekend gma says i cant call my friends in texas cause its 2 many minutes i donno if its free if you want to ya it is free on the weekend they are all doing it i think she is jst saying that i knw at is free on weekends cuz i have a friend that has them and thats when we talk sometimes ok brb bathroom and food ok m bac i see u it keeps locking up what did u get? a dbl 1/4 meal supr size w/ss yum now i want mcdonalds lol c what u did 2 me lol did u spill it? npe i want french fries lol i wana french u lol what kind of clothes did u get i got some jeans n shirts n nikes n my computer is typin so slow i hope its not breaking again :( r u a good girl at hiding things ya i can i was thinking about sending your cam and i have a cell phone that is still has service that i i can send you and we and text and send photos that way cus it has a cam in the phone what if gma gets it first dose she open your mail and go thtw it throw ya she always gets it first she opens it all mmm u look sleepy i will have to try and get threw your town again that would b cool seems like 4 ever away sun is in my eyes but if im coming threw its to get you and take you with awesome thats my plan to do that just that ur so far away i just want to be able to chat with you in case your pc crashes again be4 i get to come get you i hope it dont break cause i cant get it fixed by myself i knw this is the wk i change truks tho so boss hopefull will let me go farther u already go real far i do but i want to go toward tx does that take u by cedar city? i can make it work if we want to cool but most likely i would come and get you in my personal pic up so we can get out of your town fast and get things done kinda hard with the big trk ok what kinda truck do u got? just a small chevy pic up it really my moms but i plan to buy it from her how come u got a lil truck if u got a big one 2 when i say big trk i mean this 18wheeler ya thats the big one little trk i mean some thing that has 4 wheels k lol is it red 2? so it matches? no grey u got 2 get a red little one so it matches lol cant have them all red have to have veriety lol i need a hair cut do you like men with long or short haif lets make ur hair red 2 hair would b cool could tryig it cool gona work on you first tho could at same time no not yet chicken lol mabe a wk or so after you ok promise i will do it when you strip naked and sit on my face and make me lick your private cheater lol cant play lol think mine is being slow also maybe its stupid yahoo you dont want me to eat you is that what you are saying i was just messin with u so u would make ur hair red 2 i knw i would try it for you i like purple maybe i should get purple hair n u can 2 no no way would b cool i will have to spank you lol i will take and bend you over and spank you alright ya sure lol i aint scard of u lol its positon in sex calld doggy style oh lol ok lol its where the girl is on her hands and knees or bent over something and the guy enters her pussy from that way i didnt knwo there was so many ways 2 do that thier are lots of postions to fuck in i like to lay you on your tummy and enter your pussy that way as well ok do you like to touch sticky messes like what? well seeing how you have never touched a mans sperm it is warm when it comes out but also sticky ok but it fun to rubb into the skin ok seeing how we can let me cum inside you for awhile we will need to let my sperm land other places ok i trust u with what u show me :x i love you and want you to learn it all for me ok do you know what your messurment are 32 b size of your chest tummy and waist wow very nice i donno never measuerd nice size breasts for your age thanks ur sleepy! no not sleepy yet do need to get fuel and shower and get up north i was thinkn bout eatin supper gma left me lots of stuff 2 eat do you have dark or pink areolas whats that? areolas is the area around the nipples oh guess its a lil pink nice do you ever fell yourself getting wet between your legs i dont pee on myself lol no silly when the pussy is wanting sex it will get warm and wet inside i guess it dont come out i will water like a wet mouth do worry it could becuase you havent had sex yet ok and i love you i hope you know that ya luvs u 2 :-*:x what you gona eat donno theres ham from yesterday i like that n theres sweet taters 2 yum or i can make mac n cheese thier not as sweet as you thanks lol you can make mac and cheese any other time the ham and turkey come 2 times a year gona move to trk stop ya lol ok do you still have my number phone what is it and i will write it down this time 2087240295 y dont you go eat and i will fuel and showr and we can talk at 9pm ok ok ill b back that way i can get down the road k i will brb in 2hrs ok cool hey :-* ill b back u there yet? hey hi srry its ok srry i am late i been tryin 2 stay awake! i tried 2 call u i was just bout 2 go 2 bed when u just now came back on was that you the ***number edit*** cause i got up early ya thats the calling card i cant find the cell charger k you dont need to use the calling card 4 cells i was using the reg phone cause i cant find the charger i can call you where u been? i am sorry that you got up early is ok on the road i am in bishop ca going to wait here and try when day lght to get over the mtn what time r u gonna get up in the mornin? i have 1 mtn to go over and when cam over it yesterday it had ice and snow on both sides of it but the top was ok thats scary!! around 9am y cause im fallin asleep ok love y dont you and i get to bed and we can talk on the phone all day tomorrow i can call you ok missed u was gettin worried that somethin happened :-*>:D :x:) no i will always be safe for you love sorry to have you worried night :-* night sweet dreams >:D :-*:x>:D :-* i kinda slept real late im gonna go 2 sarahs house 2 hang out her mom is gonna come get me when she gets off work ok sorry i missed you i am at the 1st wal-mart be out of here in a few hi missed u im home now hey honey sorry i missed you hey! oh god i have missed you so much i thout i lost my card for the internet for my pc i just found it under my seat i missed u 2 how was sarahs gps make it hm is ur computer typin real slow here? Mine is n lisas is but darlas aint goin slow mine seem ok hope yours dont crash tell we are together me 2 gma aint home yet where u at 2 day? i am in grandview washington i am @ second wal-mart trailer is in the door being unloaded when do gps get home tuesday can we talk on the phone do you want to try it now i got a few min on my calling card dont think theres 2 many left can i call the house phone its forwarded how about the cell you have cards dead hot voice you have thanks urs is cool 2 we need a plan so we can talk on phone ya i got another calling card but i just got 2 find it in my room let check something my flying j fueling card has points i am supost to use them as a calling card i have to call and c brb im gonna try 2 restart my computer cause its goin so slow k r u there? ys k it keeps freezin on me k i will b right back k m missin u ur bac hey yep did it work so far my cousin told me 2 try turnin it off n then back on when it does that my calling card plan didnt wrk so far but i have a new idea how late will you be up i was tryin 2 stay up late 4 u but sarah n me stayed up all night last night lol i can go buy a card and giv you the numbers then you can talk we can just chat here is cool we can do that is easier where u gonna go 2 morrow? later i will buy a card and then tomorrow we can chat dnt knw have to wait and c boss wants me home to trade trks so i knw they want me to get home the trad has to be made be4 the 1st of jan cool then ur gonna have ur bigger truck! yay yes then all we need it to get started on you yay did this freeze up again? we should start looking into how to change your birthcertificate to say your older and then we can get married and we also need to change your name on it ok r u gonna get me first? brb k where did u go? im gettin sleepy r u there? i got booted again back r u there? y :) hi my love what ya doin? i was waiting to see how long it would take you to see me i saw u just had darla and lisa pop up with lil windows 2! that ok how was your day was ok m still in grandview i have a 4pm to b loaded and then get to hm to unload at 2pm i hope the new trk is in cool sorry 4 last nite i had to go and fix my trailer in the dock at wal mart it wasnt all the way to thier door its ok my computer froze what are we going to do if it crashes i donno this aint what it was doing b 4 dont you think we should have a bac up plan tho gma said its warenty cause it cost so much 2 fix so they gotta fix it free ok that is cool just takes a week or 2 ok what did you do today sarah came over n we walked 2 mcdonalds i want to walk with you ok! i want to take you to a hot springs where we can sit and relax awesome i dream about you all the time now >:D >:D what are you doing now chattin with u n darla n lisa n brad lol everybodys on 2 day a 4some how hot is that lol oh nope its what is calld a orgie cuz there is 5 lol you know what a real orgie is dont you like everybody makin out yes and havin sex with each other like doin sex stuff all at the same time? yes did u ever do that b 4? no hav been in a few 3ways tho is that n orgy with 3? no not really it jst a 3some orgie is when it 5 or more and you make it a party do people really do that? guys get to swap with other women and the women get to do things to other women also yes ppl do that y just didnt know that i would make you do that ok if thats what gfs r suposed 2 do then i will 4 u that would be fun but i want to be with you first ok later we can try it if you want ok when r we gonna do all this? when are we gonna do what all the stuff we been talkin bout all this time the sex or you running away with me both still working on the running away part i dont know how to change who you are on paper yet ok so ur a secret shhh lol ys i aint gonna tell nobody k thank you we need to change your name and your birthdate on your birthcert ok i got it you got your birthcertif ya its in gmas file n my ss card it would help if gps would just let you marry me all they have to do is sign the court papers saying its ok would you be ok if we had sex with other ppl if you say yes then we can find ppl that can help us that way ok i dont think gma n gpa will let me i didnt tell them i got in2 chat rooms ur kinda my secret we could look for ppl that know how to change the papers we need change in exchange for sex with you and me ok how do you feel about that ok i can all we would need to do is find a person that can make or change your birthcertif then we can file for a lost ss card and then live to gether forever and get married cool we would do all that asoon as i can get you out of thier we can be looking while we are on the road ok cool why are you ok with it cause i luvs u cool :)>:D and you want to be with me right ya i loved your voice it was beautiful thanks urs is 2 you will have to learn everything about sex and like it tho ok do you want to know the things that you will need to like and love to do ok or do you want me to jst teach you whats best? i am a fraid if i tell you then you will not want to be with me ur my bf so i do wanna b with u so we always gotta talk right? yes always i want communication with you always k cool remimber the sex stuff is only to help us find ppl to help us stay together ok you wont have to do all the stuff with me all the time ok unless you find that you like it and beg me to do it to you ok like what r u talkin bout? you will have to learn to suck and swallow a mans cum ok you should want to learn to take a man into your mouth, pussy and sometimes in your ass and if its a girl you will need to learn how to please her as well hows that? she may want you to eat her or she may want to eat you some woman like to put on want is calld a strap on which is a belt with a fake cock attached to it really? yes i didnt know theres fake ones like that some like to use toys like vibrators and dildos whats a dildo? things i will teach and show you dildos are fake cock do u got those? looks and shape like a mans cock just they dont cum no i dont i do hav porn movies that do have everthng you need should learn tho ok is that how u know all this stuff? yes wow i kinda feel dumb bout all this stuff dont you are ok you have jst been kept away from it ya i want to teach you about it i want to teach you how to flirt and turn me on ok brb have to go see if they are ready to load me now dont go anyware :-* i wont m bac yay i hate this place been here all day aww when do u get 2 leave? not tonite that is 4 sure that sucks yes it dose brb k where are you back was you making out with someone lol dishes just jk i want you to wash me i made a mess in the kitchen so i washed the dishes b 4 gma gets home 2 morrow in the dishwasher or the washin machin lol i was just playing mahjong titans game did u win? no i want to win you tho i aint a very good prize lol to me u r ok ill b ur prize ty i may want to keep you all to my self k lol i really want you it would be nice that you are willing to do other stuff i trust u i love u luvs u 2 love u more luvs u MORE >:D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :x >:D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D :D ok you win your the best lol what do you want to knw how come u like me so much? your beautiful pretty cool fun playful sexy awww thanks! your a turn on to me you get me wanting to take chance with you why do you like me so much lol cause ur like real cute n u talk 2 me n u luvs me n u tell me all the cool places u get 2 go 2 n ur fun ohhh and u have a cool voice dont the sex stuff scare you tho no i trust u you have the hottes voice lol i wished you could have sing for me lol i dont sing so good! might scare u off dnt tell me a lie it will make me take you over my knee and spank you then make love to you lol i meant that in a playful way i know you know mens sperm is salty well you didnt know that but it is like tater chips not like tater chips its its a warm cream maybe like milk with salt warm ok milk with salt dont sound so good lol no but i hope you will want to get use to it i can try take sometime to ok see how i can cum in your pussy tell you are 18 or tell we can get married i would like to cum in the other places with you ok it safe to cum on you and in your mouth or ass jst not in your pussy yet but when we are married you bet i am going to want to get you preg i want us 2 have 4 kids ok i jst want to be wtih you and be your lovein guy me 2 how can you be your lovin guy? lol lol ur silly ys you want me to stp no lol the 1st time we are together i will make love to you ok :x cuz i want to show you what the love sex is like sweet thier is a dif between sex and love making so you knw like hows that? love makeing has kissing on your lips and neck ok sex i jst sex stuff like oral and fucking with nasty talk ok the love has things like i lov you in you ears i want you be with you forever your beautiful ok the love is also juntel the jst sex can be hard and rough ok liv lov u :-* luvs u i do want to go down and eat you ok you knw what i mean by that dont you ya u told me k checkn ;;) :-* sorry im talking to trkr friend its ok! whos all on line with you know just brad darla and you lisa went 2 eat supper hav you thought about kissing a girl never thought bout that b 4 would u i donno is that what im suposed 2 do? if we have sex with other ppl ok would you make a porn movie i never did that b 4 i now you didnt but we could did u ever make one b 4 no jst a thought i am working on to meet ppl that can help us ok all the things i have shared with you about what one sounds the best to you bein with u ty i like that do you have any cucumbers no i dont like eatin them you wouldnt eat it good lol you could use it to practis sucking on lol unless u want 2 wait 4 the real thing probly would b better do u want to giv urself ovr 2 me aint that what a gf does? ys she dose evrythng she can 2 please ok u c me ya was watchin do u want it ya would u kissit ya hav u been touching your privates no y not you know its ok to play with your self just kinda weird by myself it make you feel good thats way i am i wish you was here tho so i didnt have to do this ya even then i would jac off cuz i may want to cum on your tits or on you ok if i teach you how to play with yourself would you do it for me to watch wile i jac off i guess its ok are your tits bigger than your hands i donno lol no lol how do you know cause i looked at my hand what do you have on pjs whats is the pj top like a tank top squeese one of your tits with your hand k r u already did start at your chest and sqeese out to your nipple then pinch your nipple between your thum and finger to your liking i feel kinda weird doin that 2 myself y i donno kinda like cyberin stuff its like fake your not going to get into truble i know ys i know its fake the real thing is much better ya when your are with me tho and i am sitting up with my coc going in and out of your pussy or ass as i hold your legs its a turn on to see you play with your tits tho ok when im with u then i will 4 u k or to have you rubb your clit also a turn on ok i like to do this in front of you so you knw i am only yours :-* i wont ever fuck another girl unless that is something you really wanted me to do so you can see it ok i only do this on cam for you only cus when we are finaly together i want you to jump on me and kiss and make me want to love you ok >:D when this gose inside you it will feel like 3or4 fingers spreading you open and you will think it was at the top of your stomic k do you go into the chat rooms anymore not really did a couple times why do you not go anymore cause i dont go unless ur not here 2 chat with cause i like chattin with u better everybody else is boring if u aint here then i go in cause im bored sometimes how many men try to chat with you most tell me 2 get lost r you ok with me being 35 they r rude ya glad they r rude make you want me more if they was nice you may leave me for a guy that isnt so nice i aint gonna leave u i like u r u gonna leave me? no m not hard to find loving special woman like you if you was to runaway what if we have to wait tell your 18 to get your license and stuff i donno prob wont have 2 do that what do you mean by that u said we could get that soon cause of ur friends u know i dnt have friends like that but we could try and find ppl like that that knw how to most of those kind will be in the porn industry ok my thought is while you and i r traveling is that you could be online looking and chatting with ppl with the main goal that they can help us ok i can chat lots in other words we wont have sex with jst anybody they have to have a job that is able to help us ok but m just asking if we can make that work then what then we get 2 drive around in ur truck n go lots of places ys you b ok with that tell you 18 if that happens ya k your so loving what are you thinking thinkin ur cool y cause i said so lol r u bossy now ya lol would you climb ontop of my face and make me eat you then ok how bigg is your chest again 32 b how late are you up im still awake 2 day r u gettin sleepy? i was going to c if they are ready to put me at a dock and load me ok how long will it take? not sure how long it will take tell i come bac ok i will try 2 stay up! :-* k if m not bac i love you and goodnite sweet dreams k luvs u 2 >:D >:D m bac thy not ready where did you go and y did you stp viewing im here cause u left silly only to check not fun lookin at blankies lol you dont like my stuff lol m hurt now make me cry :(( boo boo ooh your mean bossy and mean tonite lol oopsi u aint supossed 2 know that till after married lol r you that way when we are to gether i like it lol ur funny at time i want you to be bossy there will be times i want you to make me have sex with you or to make love to you ok the things i will teach you that i will do to you ok how has it been staying at hm alone fun i dragged all my bean bags n 2 the livin room n was watchin my movies what are you saying you dont need em me n eatin in tehre didnt say that! set yourself for it :-P i will suck on your toungh B-):o)8-}8->O:-) lol keep it up and i will give you a spanking where no one has >:P lol lol i will take you over my knee bare ass naked instead of spanking your ass cheeks i will spank your pussy then your ass >:P>:P>:P>:P>:P>:P lol have you ever slipd and belly flop trying to dive into the water ya did u? yes i couldnt breath thats what it would be like when i spank your pussy that kinda hurt the sting yes and cuz your pussy would be getting wet each time i spanked really? yes the pussy releces fluid to help a mans coc slide in and out so spankin helps that? not just spanking playing with the clit and your pussy lips do me eatting you only help get you wetter faster to where you will want me inside you ok the spanking is just another way to have fun it gets you turnd on ok i would never really hurt you i know i would only do it to turn you on as so i can put my coc in you ok after the fun i would of corse roll you over and kiss you softly on your lips and tell you that i lov you and that you are special i c fireworks lol i see falling hearts! pink! did u leave? they are now loading me ok do u gotta go? not tell the are done then i have to get going aww why cause im still awake lol i thinking about you where will u b 2 morrow? i plan on being home i am only 6hrs oh ok then u get ur new truck! i hope so depends on boss and if the trks are ready k what we need to get is a birthcertif of a girl about your age that passed away how do u get that? we need to find a girl about your age that passed and then go and as for a birthcerfic ok what i think would work best is to stay with our plan that your my daughter and if you are ok with making porn movies after i teach you about sex then we could use that money you would be making to change who you are on paper ok wouldnt use all the money cuz the money would be yours really? yes so its like a job? yes you would be getting paid to have sex on cam to make movies k i am sure we can find ppl in that line of work to help us ok would you be willing to do it for us ok that a yes ya but i get you the most yep r u for real ya silly lol k hav not meet anyone like you to go that far to love me :x :-* your not scared is there somethin 2 b scard of? us getting caught and me going to prison i dont wanna get caught n dont want u 2 go 2 prison :( do u want me 2 stop chattin with u? thats why we need to be very careful who we me and take to who we what? we need to be careful i dnt knw how to make porn movies but i hav ideas where to look to meet ppl that do ok you will never make a movie without me being there to protect you ok so i will b like a movie star? anyone want that wants you to star will meet witn me 1st in public yes you will be a star ok cool like famous some porn stars do go on to make movies cool you will be wanted like in a bad way or a good way? n like i said the money would only be used so you and i can get married and then the rest is yours to do with as you want ok cool i dont think it will take much to fix it so we can bemarried if that is what you want is to be with me i do do u? yes ok i really love you knw now luvs u 2 :-* i loved you be4 but i love you lots more now kewwwll if you do this you can controll me and make me do all you want me to k would you want that ya whateve u want is cool with me so you want to controll me like what do u mean? you want to boss me i donno i never really bossed ne body b 4 cept 4 jokin around m jk you k lol but i would be moved deeply if you are willing to use your body to make some money for us to use to buy our way to be together in marrage ok love you :x how much do you weight bout 105 i think i dont got a scale not bad you still with me ya what are you thinking about i am thinking about you and i traveling r u drivin now? seein you drive us down the hiway to have fun no not yet they still have to load the dam stuff how come they r takin so long? bunch of dicks that y i want us to buy our own trk and we travel to see places and in the trailer is our car and a motorcycle and the front of the trailer is a camper for us cool that would b tight yes and we go all over to meet ppl and have fun ya when we get to aplace all we need to do is park the trk and get the toys out and slide out the camper part and then go see the area cool i want as much time with you as we can get i dont want to be with out you for very long so when? when for what when r we gonna b 2 gether? as soon as i can get the boss to work me thro k its just takin 4 ever yes it seem like it i am kinda waiting to see how a court deal work out for me also and i wont knw untell feb 18 how that gose that much longer? :( yes i will tell you y after that court deal passes what do u gotta go 2 court 4? almost the same thing i am afraid of with you i dont get it i met a girl your age once b 4 and she turnd it in oh that wasnt nice what did she do that 4? she and her friends stole money from me and when said something then the cops got invalved and that was when i found out that she was 15 i aint like that did u leave? :( k night then >:D the only thing i was charged with is ading i know your better than that and i will tell you more later loves you i slept late! what ya doin? that ok m thinking of u what ya thinkin? you and i traveling ya teaching u about love :-* :-*>:D r u drivin? hey love i need to drive you can watch me i am in la grande or and i need 2 be delieverd by 2pm today i am only 2 hrs to drive tho k ill just watch! i want u :x i wll lose sig 4 nxt 15min m i brb ok lov u yay 2nite i will tel u mor baut cort ok i trust u i trust u 2 what r u gona do 2day donno gma n gpa r gonna come home some time 2 day wat did u think about last nite was sad y how do u feel now still sad i dont want u 2 get in trouble that makes me sad we will get thru it ya i wont bug u no more if u dont want me 2 cause i dont want u 2 go 2 jail :(( stp it dnt leav me ur worth everthing 2 me ok :) :-* :-* :-* :-* where r u watchin u drive we will b 2gether some how jst need time :) :-* thats my cb radio cool how much can i hav sex withh u or make lov like how ever u wanna 3 to 4x a day every day ok u knw m drivn nd chatn ya ur bein naughty lol u gona spank me if u get in a wreck im gonna b sad omg i gotta go clean my mess! gmas a neat freak ill b back later! promise!  I left so he couldn't chat and drive his truck at the same time. :-* :-* HEY what ya doin? lol boo m at hm cool gps make it hm get new trk tomorrow had to clean out my trk awesome! whats you doin sittin under the computer desk listenin 2 gpa snore y u sitting under it i put my bean bag under it n sit with my laptop there oh cause i gotta steal gpas plug from his computer 2 get on the internet oh what are we going to do with your been bags leave them here i guess got room 4 one? myb cool its ok if u dont we can replace them with pellows i like pellows ok cool it was nice you to watch me today how big is a bean bag like 3 feet giant pillow one is leather be to big ppl would notice you packin that down the road ya i didnt think of that! how close are your neibors like very when i come to get you we want to get out of thier fast theres lots of houses right next 2 each other ok maybe i can just go 2 ***LOCATION EDIT*** n wait 4 u there 8-> oh :( so i cant see u till after that? :( you will be with me but when? i plan to come and meet you before then if i can get throu thier i want you to be with me now i can wait to hold you just seems so long away :( i know but we made it this far ya i will be on probation 4 3yrs whats that mean? we cant get cought and into troble ok ill b extra careful 2 thats y we need to hav our story and stick to it ok cool what ya doin? went to bathroom k lol m bac tho yay xoxo guess the games on here still dont work 4 u? dnt knw we can try ok cool nothing on my end awww cause i would win if we got 2 play! lol i want to play with you it works when i play with my friends dont know how come urs dont work cuz im your bf ya ;;) xoxoxo :-* r u at ur moms or in ur truck? moms y cause just wonderin if u was stayin one more night in ur old truck what ya eatin? cookie what ya drinkin? lol milk i want your milk tho yum i want some cookies 2 lol you made some those r all gone whats ur fav cookie? i hope we make it to where we are married and can have kids coc chip yum i want to drink your breast milk when your preg what if u dont like it i will your sweet lol i would love everthing about you :x i want to look into your blue eyes and say your beautiful ;;) then kiss you and pick you up and take you to bed k and kiss your ears and neck k what are you thnkn thinkin that sounds cool run my fingers thro your hair k you ok with me touchin u ya whats u feelin worried bout u gettin in trouble trouble 4 what 4 that court thing it ok jst have to see what they do and how it deals with my work ya i hope its ok then you and i will be able to move on ya that y we will need to make the changes to your hair and how you dress ok and make up n u get red hair 2 not tell i get pass the court thing not fair lol i will be on probation and i will have to check in with a probation officer that sucks make you a promise after i am off probation you can do anything you want with my hair ok lol we r gonna make it red k reminding you probation is 4 3 yrs but we mayb able to change hair soonr ok do i still get red? if you want ok we need to change yours incase we miss something and your gma get a pic out of you ok i want you forever cool r u still ok with being a star ya make sex movies like famous try to what famous sex movies do you knw i dont know ne k u look sleepy i really wish time gose by fast and we are together ya i want to hold you will b nice what u watchin? extream trains sounds boring i wish you was here then we would be int the trk on last time ya do u get the new one in the mornin? sometime tomorrw i get it i will take pics for you so you can see it cool boss wants me to load onions for denver colorado tomorrow also k so ur goin there next? looks like it i dont want to how come? i keep asking to go to l a in hope i will get a load going by you guess that aint by me? no take me thro wyoming then colorado k to the northeast of you that sucks yes we dont ever get load from thier going by u oh :( the mor i go to l a the bettr chance i hav to come and see you how come? the way the roads are where did u go? doing laundry ick hate it to but need to do it ya do you knw how to ya what do you like to do the most go 2 disney world have you been nope we will go ok cool they need onions in fl 2 sometimes never get to take any ya i have a long day tomorrow what all do u gotta do? have to go load that onion load and finish trading trks i still have to take my cb radio out of my trk and move it over as well as my chains for the tires and 4 of my chains that i use to pull things and then come bac to mom and put the other stuff in the new trk as well as see what i dont want in the new trk moving day! yep an then get going to denver how long will that trip take? 900miles to denver i can only drive 11 hrs a day so i will have to stop when i get 650 miles done k things you will learn when we are one k what ya laughin at? tha show trains hold 5000 gals of fuel it take 15 min to fuel on it take me 15 min to fill my trk trains use sand to get up hill how come? for grip to the tracks the trains carry sand and the when the train starts up hill it drops sand infront of the wheels i dont knw everything lol how come? for tracksion i do knw i lov you luvs u 2 i loves you mor lubs u bigger whats lubs luvs i want you cuddle k i wnts u i gotta go in a min k dnt knw when i be on tomorrow i will check 4 u lets try for 5pm if we can ok will try love you :-*>:D night lubs u :-*:x sweetdreams hey love sorry i am late hey! HAPPY NEW YEAR!!!!!! did u get ur truck? yes i am trying to pac also we can chat ok how come u turned off the cam? sorry dnt knw i did it stopped by itself r u still at home 2 day? ys with a load going to ca instead when u leavin? ys tonite if i can how far u gonna get 2 go? try and get 240miles done be4bed thats lots do u like ur new truck? yes and no take some time to get use to somethings and i have to learn the new things is it hard? i have to read the papers how thingw work as well still put some of my stuff in the trk like my cb radio m tired tho be up all day havnt eat yet well go eat silly k i jst wantd to chat with you cuz i miss you and love ya miss u 2 can u be on tomorrow not sure when i will be on cuz i have to b in la by 530am fri ya i can the later i leave here the more i have to drive tomorrow i will look for u dont drive sleepy!!! u look sleepy around 5pm i wont cuz i love you to much to do that to you :-* :-* sorry m makeing this short soon we wont be apart thas ok silly ya i cant wait only a month and a half now so long :( tell my court stuff i knw but look how fast time has gone we started chatting in oct 3 months now ya kisses love you >:D luvs u u be good for me tonite u 2 n no drivin sleepy u promised! i lovs u ;;):x:-*B-):) hey loves here i am down loading pics to pc r u ok hey y are you not talking to me? :( hey i am missing you very much and want to chat :-* yay lol oh i have been thinking of you all day and i reall wish i could hold you now >:D >:D hav pic you want to see en em ya! waiting for u it aint workin that way oops it fell yes it was a opps i could have put some bars to keep it from doing that wow u got a fridge thats cool no all that is storage space that one>>> if you can see it thier is a bunk bed folded up cool room 4 us and pupy cool red yes not as the red as what our hair will be ya lol new trk and trailer we got 2 get a puppy with red fur we need the pup to be small for us ya we dont wont to be crouded ya this is cool i want to cuddle you in this bed soon ok as soon as i can after my court thing ok i have other pics of other things you may like ok cool omg wheres that? that was that place i deliverd to in starbuck wa i looked like a toy that how high up it was i dont think i like goin up that high! whats that one? that was a train that passed over me while i was unloading whats this black truck pic? that was a volvo i was trying to get a pic for you be4 i got this trk to giv you a idea what it look like oh ok that whats chaining up my tires look like cool when you are with me you will laugh at the other drivers as we pass then and see how they use other things to help keep the chains on they dont do it the same way? what have you done today watched the parade on tv not all of them no played games what did u do 2 day? most drivers us what is calld snubbers looks like a star fish and has hooks and they put them on the outside where u at? i am n mojave ca jst got here at 7pm and was looking for u i was about to cry when i saw you nd you wasnt chatting aww i sorry i was eatin well it my own fault i said i be here at 5 and i was late is ok! i still have 2 hrs to drive i will do them later when you go to bed then u will b sleepy no i will be ok i took a nap earlier and i will take a small one b4 i go k m @ your fav place where? m parkd out side it mcdonalds? r u eatin fries!!! lol im gona get some fries and eatum brat not yet lol i haven t gone in cus i dnt want to miss you go get some i will wait r u sure ya silly i hav to go pee also tmi lol get us to it cus when we shower we will get to see each other go brb m bac the web cam invite u sent didnt work fries at the bottom of the bag must be the best lol dont make a mess in ur new truck! ys mam the guy lied to me what guy? when your with me i am going to watch you eat lol lol the one working fo mcds he told me he put sweet and sour at the bottom o bag and thier is none ketchup nope what are you doing watchin u eat fries fries all gone now nugget time lol i want to eat u tho k thats not 4 u whats not? can you read my shirt oh lol it to tll women i m in love and i dont want to lose you i have to go thro all my movies and put them in order now i hate that part when moving ya no fun i hate to see if the ones i put in the cubberds are still in place did they get mixed up? some yes i try and keep them in alphabetical order now u gotta fix those again dnt knw about the ones in the cubberds i put then thier this morning to get them out of the box they was in ya i kinda miss how that pete cus of the places i had to put my movies y did you like that pic >>>? i liked it what did you like was there so fast couldnt see it good i was hopping to here you say that you liked it cus you wantd to lay in it with me ya is cool have you played with sarah no shes been doin stuff with her family i am sorry i want u your all i have all i want >:D and need m thinking about u am right here what ya thinkin us being together making things work ya will b cool what do you want to know about me do u play ne music instruments? no i wantd to learn how to play a gutar tho my fingers are to fat tho that would b cool or at lease i think i used 2 want 2 play piano got room 4 one in ur truck? you can play me i want to feel your fingers on me r u a piano? lol no but i can make some sounds for u lol what r u doin? relaxin y what do you want me to do 4 u i donno did u eat already? ys you was watchn me ya but did u finish? ys i jst need something as sweet as you tho shoulda got some cookies i did mom sent some with me did u eat them already? have 3 left choc chip? ys of course i do like surger too me 2 n u like the sugar cookies with the frostin on top see i remember but i want to taste you ys i loved the christmas cookies with sprinkles and frosting i like those 2 no one make them any more for me awww i would like to put the frosting on you and lick it off lol you would like it alot cool how do u feel when we talk good i like chattin with u how bout u? i like to chat with you i would love to hold you and here you tell me things ya cant wait when i kiss you you will breath heavy and moan 4 more ok not ok its a normal thing for a woman to do it ya i hope you will always want more of me i will will you want to do the stuff we talkd about ya work with me to make u a star ya your so cool thanks u r 2 i hope we can make things work 4 us ya me 2 i jst have to get to that court thing and see what the probation ppl do and then if all gose our way and i can stay on the road i will come get u ok u and red its a long time away ya when ur here u can make or change things around in the trk cool i will make it pretty this means you pick what clothes we bring and stuff ok jeans n tshirts lol yes i want to see you in tank tops ok or shirts that show ur cleavage ok i love to see as much of a womans skin as i can so i would like u to dress that way when we are together it will keep my eyes on u ok how r gps ok hw was the trip they said it was fun n gma won like 100 i want to win u your the best prise lol u lovs u i lovs u luvs u 2 :-* y do you think your ready to live with me m jst asking not trying to push you away cause ur cool n u talk 2 me i will always talk and listen to u :-* ur hot to love you ok i call u a hottie lol y u lol cause u said i was a hottie :"> mean i like you alot i like u lots 2 hav to turn lite out so not to run the batteries down to the trk or it wont start ok is it ok i get i play ya im watchin i really want this inside u ok do u want me ya i want u 2 suc it ok u can suc it will i play with you tits ok wish i coul share a movie with u me 2 i would show u adult dvd do u got those? ys k so we can study what u need 2 do ohh ok m gona want u right away ok what if it dose hurt at 1st i donno would u let me cum on ur face i guess if u wanna i do ok u want please me ya if u was here nd i pulld my coc out nd told u to suc it ok would u ya m really thinkin about being inside u ur legs around me wanting me to cum in u ya i want 2 make lov 2 u :-* i will always love you more then to jst want ;you 4 sex :x i plan to give all my love to you and only you ur so sweet trying to be as sweet as u aww see tht pic which one? the 2nd ya if u click on it to blow up the pi you c the shifter that makes the truck go right? yes see the 2 pedals 2 the left ya the left one is the cluch the right is the break i try to use the cluch for starts and stops only sometimes i will use it if im not getting the gears fast enough what i do is calld shifting with out the cluch most of the time u do what is a double cluch shift u push the cluch in to take out of gear and then let up then push it down again and the gears should be lined up at that time to go into the nxt gear thats double cluching ok :-* i havnt done that tonite you can kiss me bac click the buzz button see how did u do that? that cool it dose it when were in the falling hearts thing ohhhh cool thats y i like the falling heart when we chat me 2 you know when your with ;me bed time is when we are tired ok what do you mean ok thout you would like that thats how come i said ok silly i wanted a yay yay lol late now im sad >:D im happy now :x:">;):)>:D ur funny im gettin sleepy k y i donno lol did you get up early ya y cause woke up i that how i sleep tell i wake up wish i could do that instead of goin 2 school when do you go bac monday that sucks ya soon we hope to change it ya k why dnt you get some sleep and i will get going and get some also ok when u think u will b on 2 morrow? where u gotta go? i have to unload at 630am it will be 530am here and then see about the reload ok m 2 hrs from la now i will b sleepin then lol yes i will be wanting to also dont drive sleepy! i wont loves you to much nite nite sweetdreams night :-* y u not going to bed cause now the window is stuck open lol it wont close you cnt let go of me can ;u my comptuer is lockin up dnt knw what to do :-* ill b back later k lovs u brb have to get a new toy hey gmas here 2 day illl b on when she falls asleep :-* BOO hey lovy aaaaaaaahhhhhhhhh what ya doin? waiting 4 u be4 i go to bed r u sleepy? not yet where ya at 2 day? i cant sleep tell i chat with u :-* i am in ontario ca i am stuck here tell 830am sun i wish you was here cuz after i got unloaded i went bec to bed then boss calld to c if i was empty and i told them yes then they calld ba c told me they found a load but i loads sunday in anaheim ca so we could have went to disneyland today and tomorrow awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwww:( same here cuz i wanted to play with you how could w have gone 2 disney if ur in canada? ohh thats california duh lol ya i went here to park and get fuel and shower so ur just stuck there? yes and my poer inverter that i used in the trk for my pc died ur what died? so i am inside trk stop chatting with you its a power inverter it turns the trk battery power into dc power like in your home k what game did u get? what do you mean what game i got i dnt buy any game u said in ur mesage that u was goin 2 get a toy i meant new power inverter so i can chat with you from in the trk sorry i miss lead u oh lol thought u was gettin a game i cant find the right power inverter yet i will look tomorrow when i leave here to go pay my phone bill and get keys made 4 the trk then after i get that done i will go over to anaheim and look for the place where i am loading m not going to disneyland i dont want to go without u aww it would b no fun by myself ya nobody 2 ride the rides with if i went i would be tempend to try and make friends with someone and i dnt want that cuz i lovs u all of u i might get jealous :-P i want u to keep me at your side at all times when ur with me k m not looking to meet anyone cuz i have u :D ;) :-* wheres ur most fav place u ever been? here chatting with u awww i mean real places like disney or the ocean? did u ever get 2 see the ocean? yes i have seen both oceans and the gulf i like it alot around gulf port mississippi cool i love it here chatting with u the most tho aww ur so sweet i jst believe you and i r ment to b me 2 me mor i have to pay the phone bill or i wont be able to chat i dont like missing any chance i have with u how was your day today was ok gmas grouchy 2 day what 4 shes mad at gpa y caues hes gotta go on a couple trips in a row 4 his work she should be use to it by now hi see u whats that guy doin behind u? playing a arcade game k that the game room behind me i am in the phone area for now cool do u play the games 2? sometime but i want to learn how to dwnload so i can play on here ya i got games on my computer cool any of them let me play with u ya ms pacman can play 2 people n roller coaster is fun n sims i tried to buy and download the game clue sweet i like that one but didnt never play it on the compter i have to look later to c y it dnt install i will be pissd if they charged my card and wont send me the game ya i would b 2 :x its fun at ths trkstop at nites untell i hav met u now i use to stay up and watch the show in the parking lot and listen in on the cb to all the action have you heard of a lot lizzard whats lot lizzard? never heard of that game its not a game lot lizzard it a term use for women runing around in the parking lot at the trkstops going from trk to trk getting paid to have sex with trkers ohh never heard of that you will never do this of course ok the only way i will let you get paid of having sex with other ppl is for making a movie ok ok or jst fun for us lol i sss lovs u to much luvs u 2 what did u do today went 2 mcdonalds ya i got fries 2 day with ketchup!!!!! the way fries r supose 2 b eaten get any ss nope lol i like ss on my fried rice when i eat at chinese rest u gotta fill those lil cups with ketchup n get like 5 of them n then pour a package of salt in 2 the ketchup n stir it up with a french fry then the salt dont fall off ur french fries get use to salty taste thats a sex talk salt? yes sperm is salty taste oh ya u told me that ys u ok with that ya wats you thinkn was thinkin im gonna paint my nails black y cause i got purple or green or black or red or pink or blue you going 4 the gothic look no lol emo lol whats emo short for emotonal kinda do you have pirced ears black is more goth ya ys blac is mor of gothic thing maybe i will do one black n one green every other one i like red i got red 2 i did red n green last week i would like pink on you i got pink 2 but its harder 2 see how many pairs of bras and pantys do you have i donno lots k how come? i dnt like my woman to wear the same ones over and over looking like they only have one or two ya i got more than 2 lol k i dnt mind puting bac on dirty cloths but when you are putting on clean clothes then the undies need to be clean as well ya ur sleepy! how are you feeling ok ys i am remimber i slept for a cpl hrs after we chatted last nite and then got up and i was still early at drop off point and went bac to bed then the woke me up and when they was done i did go bac to bed but i like steady sleep not this break up sleep ya go 2 sleep silly i want u to sleep with ;;) its so nice to hav u in my life and i now it we be great when we are forever ya i cant wait till u come here just so sad its so far away with both the time and distance but everyday we get closer ya :(( i still need to call and look into paper stuff k you know new papers to say your some one else if i can get them ya i lov to look at your pic :"> i now we are a great match ya me 2 i like that i want it to be the real thing soon me 2 how soooonnn???? as soon as my court day and i find out how my probation is going to be k 6 wks to go and i will knw things ok they will go by fast for us we just have to keep busy and not watch the clock or time and be4 we knw it its time 4 us r u ready to grow up and do adult things ya k jst checking to see if u are still brave :-P :| lol 8-} :-P:-P:-P :-? =P~ I-)I-)I-)I-)I-)I-)I-)I-) 8-| lol >:) O:-) :o) well i gona take and make u lay on ur tummy as i take you pants off and put my cock inside your pussy and ride you hard X-(8-|#:-S8-} :):(;):D:D;;)>:D :-P:-*:-*=((:-OX-(:->B-):-S#:-S=))/:):|:)):((>:)o:-):-B=;I-)8-|L-):-$[-(:o)8-} #-o:-?=P~(:|@-):^O:-w:- :P :-t:-h~x(:-c:)]X_X:!!\m/:-bd:-q^#(^ lol that took u a long time i tried to send you all of them it dont work i tried 2 send all the smilies b 4 no it dont m gona go to bed and dream of u and i making love under the stars ok night sleepy head :-*:x >:D what do you tell the boys at school now nothin none of then try and talk to you i talk 2 them bout dumb stuff k tomorrow i want to know what about dont worry i trust you and love you very much so goodnight and sweetdream my lov k night hey love i missed you you never showed sat :-* miss u where u at? :-* missed u lots i got school 2 morrow :( i was on all day waitin hope u get ur computer fixed soon :-*:x got it fixd but new trk is broke down sorry i hav missed u can wait to be chattin soon loves you lots :-*:x:">>:D :-* yay your here yay ur here 2 lol i was so sad y trk broke dwn cause i thought u must not wanna chat no more i am in eugene oregon now did u go there b 4? i was on my way to portland oregon when did ur new truck break? lastnite be fixd in the morning that sucks yes so i am going to hang at the truckstop all nite then hope to get the trk fixd cuz now my load wont deliver tell thurs morning at 5am how come u didnt come n chat? i was trying to drive all night cuz i was to be in portland at 8am this morning missed u i very much missed you i have really missd u missed u 2 what have you done lately how is gps ok brb gma wants me aaa i want you more hey y are you nt bac ye :-* cause i had 2 wash dishes ya mmmmmmmm i think i should take you over my knee and tickle u lol i would start at the bac of ur knees and work my way up ur legs k lol then hold u dwn and kiss you all over ur neck ;;) then you can wrap your arms and legs around me k thats what you do when you want me to make love to u ok i can do that you better ok lol is it jst us or u hav friends on too darlas on oh so its a 3some then lol cept she dont know that ya that is a good thing 4 now do you look at girls like you do at me what do u mean? jst seeing if you your ok with the ideas of that you cld have sex with a girl I never really thought about it i would happen if you want to make some money ok like we been talknabout ok i can ur so cool thanks i have missd u so much missed u 2 did gp go on trip ya n gma n gpa r gonna go 2 that place they went 2 last week again soon jst u and gma cool they r gonna go that last week this month cool i hope they go end of feb as well or the time i get to come and get u i cant wait me 1st u first? ya m cant wait be4 u 1st lol i want to play with your hair ok n ur gonna get red hair 2 yes not at the sametime as you so as not to set ppl off awww not at the same time? how come? dnt want to create attention with my probation person and get them to want to fallow me oh ok we can change my hair at the nxt time you get ur hair done again do to that the color will fade ok cool m so happy we are chatting again me 2 i was here last night n didnt see u i wasnt tho i was driving ya had 2 go 2 school hw was school did you learn anything ya that im bored ya u try and think about us ya what was your thoughts that i cant wait 2 see u n that ur cool n i like u ya i think ur hot and lovable thanks i think about us traveling all the time you working to help make some money so we can buy our own trk and do our own thing ya that will b tight how much money would i get? ya ppl calling for us to meet them like in huston for us to make movies and then u and i play in houston? cool thats by where my friends live if that happens cuz ur hot and very popular im not very popular u will be ur hott cool dont u think so not really if you are willing to y nt i donno u want to be with me dont u ya ur bday in feb right ya feb 10 4 missd by 6 lol :-* m thinking of u what ya thinkin? u u and i traveling will b fun ys i look forword to teach u ya as well be your lover ya will b cool i get to be the only one to make love to u that is the deal yep i so want u >:D :););;)>:D :-* what ya doin? thinking of u and i going for a walk holding hands that would b fun yes i wanted to tell you that i went for a walk when i was down in ontario california went to a mall and saw things we could hav done like what? some clothes i wanted to see u in thier was a indoor golow in the dark kinda miniture golf cool what else did u see? just all other stuff what else was there 2 do? i have to take new pics of the inside of trk i have done things up so my cell stays in place and wires are out of my way they dont hang down infront of window i wantd to kiss u :-P :-B =P~ i want to eat u k you make me drool for u how? if you could only see what i see in u a big nose? LOL what big nose on me silly you dnt hav a big nose ya lol i should go and see if i can get me a room 4 the nite oh well kinda late now i thought u sleep in ur truck? its in a repair shop ohhh where u gonna sleep then? the fan that cools the engine went out and thier was a fuel leak also but its new so how did it break? it nt brand new its a used trk things they missed be4 we got it what are u doing hw the worst one was the front wheel came loose that would hav been very bad if it came off when i was trying to come down a mountain ya thats scary when did that happen? sametime the fan stop working i caught it in time tho' had to replace the wheel with a new one cuz it was damage but we still need to replace the part that keeps the wheel riding smoth we plan to replace that when i get home tho what bout the other wheels? thy ok it the front ones i worry most if one of those come off cant steer the trk and the trk gose in the direction the one that came off it might have wrecked! ys the others i dnt worry as much cus u can still controll the trk if they do so it wont wreck it will if one of the front one do but not thet others tell them 2 fix all of them!!!! we will im almost done with my hw where did ya go? sorry i was playing solitaire also lol did u win? what did you have 4 hmwk math im done now hw sucks i gotta go in a min cause i got school 2 morrow u need math so u can count money i can do that already lol ya need to do some math for driving hows that? have to add sub multi divide 2 drive? why? u will learn for when ur with me ok i want to hold u >:D where u gonna sleep if ur not in ur truck? m gona try and hang out all nite at the trkstop it was walking distance from the repair shop i will take small naps then in morning hope to find out if they have started repairs that sucks! ur gonna b sleepy 2 morrow ys i dont have to drive tho i get to get some sleep be4 i need to be in portland thats good my delivery appointments been changed to thursday 5 am ya cause it aint ur fault ur truck broke what ya doin? glad i kept myself safe for u ya me 2 hav plan with u nd i dnt want to leave u yet ever ur leavin me? :(=(( no never :) k i only wish we could live in each others arms ya i want to show u so much stuff i got 2 go :( :(( i still got 2 shower cause i gotta go 2 school k wish i could showr with u dont let ne body steal ur computer while ur sleepin i wont night :-* the one that was here she left i think she was looking to still my internet :-* goodnight what ya doin? hey honey did u get ur truck fixed? ys i lovs u luvs u 2 i went 2 sarahs house after school ya how was your day lov fun after school boring at school ya my trker friend is here in portland he is on his way over then we are going to go eat cool where ya gonna go eat at? m watching for him trk stop wheres portland? oregon it n the northwest of oregon u get 2 go everywhere! sometime y cause its cool your coolest ;;) thanks when he get here i am gona go cuz he is like the other ppl who think we cant be together ok r u gonna come back n chat when u get back? ya i will try nt sure how late it will be tho ok ill stay up long as i can i got tests at school 2 morrow ok if i dnt get bac i loves you and miss u luvs u n miss u 2 n have fun :-* miss u hope ur havin fun :-* sorry i left u i miss u and think of u all the time i c u lol i c u i kissd u what did u do yesterday? i watchd him eat and we talkd i missd you most of all tho missed u 2 how come u just watched him eat didnt u eat? i ate be4 i knw he was thier where u at 2 day? i went to mcdonalds to eat then when i got bac to my trk just to get ready to chat with ya he calld and i askd him where he was and he said that he was in troutdale oregon i laughd and said that i was thier as well lol cool is that where u still r? m n hermiston oregon im doin hw i pic up a load of onions here then go home and load some more onions to go to l.a and we are going to work on this trk some more to make sure everthing is fixd cool then u wont b drivin a scary truck that breaks they all can break at anytime we are jst going to look things over that the dealer should have done ya tell them 2 give u another one it dont work that way hun if they sold u one thats broke then u can take it back no they just need to fix what broke what if it breaks again? thn they fix it k i wish u was here to please me me 2 my cock is wanting u :) i want to fill u up but ur so far away :( i knw if u was here i would hav u suc my cock as i play with ur pussy k would u let me do that ya do u dream about seeing me with u ya i think bout it i cant never remember dreams would u letme teach u how to please more than one man at a time do u want me 2 learn that? ys i do k i can try it its calld a gang bang when 3 or more men get to fuck you at the sametime i thought that the gang thing was when u get beat up no my kind you could end up with men fucking you up ur pussy as one has u suc his coc and then we take turns on u ok u could end up being sandwiched what do u mean? you would be ontop of one guy with one in your pussy and the other in your ass as well as one in your mouth do people really do that? ys its fun k u will like it for me wont u ya so you will learn to do it for me then i can learn whateve u wanna teach me thats my hot girl ur so lovly thanks m n lov with ya :x :-* what ya doin? thnkin of u ur so sweet m tryin to be like u lol wht r u doin hw wht do u hav history got 2 memorize the preamble whts a preamble 4 the constitution we the people in order 2 form a more perfect union remember? dont remimber it calld tht imy time we calld it the constitution of the united states ya nvr had to memerize it really? ya everybody gotta stand in front of class n say it right when do u hav to do ths by 2 morrow is my turn 2 morrow hw r u comin with it is kinda hard 2 practice by myself can you type it to me k i will try 2 type it without lookin k we the people in order 2 form a more perfect union estiblash justice insure tranquility provide 4 the comon defence promote the general welfare and secure the blessings of liberty to ourselves and our posterity do ordian and estiblash this constitution 4 the united states of america k now im gonna see what i missed crap crap crap we get points off 4 every word we miss i hav make up points 4 u k lol me kissing you and lovn u i missed of the united states domestic 4 words each word is 2 points if you dont get it then i cant kiss u huh? if you dont pass tomorrow then i wont come and kiss u =(( i was jst jkn i only missed 4 words so thats just 8 points m gona still work to get u so i would get n a ur alway a big A for me lol ur Awsome thanks ur the sweetest lovable woman now i gotta practice so i get 100 2 morrow so u still come i would come and get u even if you didnt cuz i want you lots :x just its so far away :( ys but we are getting closer what u doin? did u leave? m here stayin awake when i do hw it makes me sleepy r u sleepy 2? ya i want to do hmwrk on u k lol how come ur sleepy? u lay bac and spread ur legs and i eat u is that ur hw? ys and you are the one who grades me k if im good youll ask me to fuc u if i am bad you have me just eat u ok i hope ur ok with the sex talks ya im cool with it k most woman arent how come? i think thy dont like it cuz they feel like they arnt inportant enough or something k i hope ur nt like them i aint i knw ur way to cool to b i wanna b cool 4 u u are very cool jst hav to get to the point and get u and see i cant wait you knw i will want to see u naked as soon as i can ya see how cool u are hws th hmwk think im gettin it cool then soon you can get me k do u want that ya ur so hot thanks ur so beautiful thanks wish i could hold u now me 2 ne one else on line just u what r u doin? playing anhy boys trying to talk with u no lol and if one did try to ask you out then i would tell him no if he asked y not cause ur my bf silly ys but what would u tell a boy that is trying to find out who your dating that is none of his busness i kissd u cuz i believe you really do love m me :x whts u doin gettin sleepy ya i been readin my hw so i pass the test y wht is ur middle name lynn whats urs? gene i like that heres how to spell my last name schmierer thats hard! ys it will take some time for u is cool what will my last name be? it will be the same as me when we can get married cool if u want that ya then my initials would b rls ya to what wats u thinkin thinkin all my stupid hw made me sleepy it had the same afect on me too lol jst knw i love u luvs u 2 r u gonna b on 2 morrow 2 chat? ys i plan to be unless i am helping work on the trk all we have to do is change that part that keeps the wheel centerd and it will be ok k cool where u gotta take ur onions 2? r u going to bec then i have to take them to los angeles again ok night bf i gotta go love ya gf luvs u 2 :-* miss u*+*22:50*+*2*+*[0.6537052170932961, 0.3462947829067039]*+*1*+*