 hi hi 2 u 2 asl 31 m mich 14 f mi do u got a pic? ok yes on message box ure cute thanks what are you up to not much sorta bored mainly cos im grounded oh why are you grounded talking smack to my mom ok are you grounded from the computer no thats why im on it lol ok do you have a pic yeah in my profile you are pretty cute yourself tyvm is your homework done didnt have any im raegan nice to meet you raegan i am andrew what is on your mind idk. tryin not to be bored lol favorite color? blue and yours pink lovely are you wearing pink my tank top is howd u know? guessing not like i can see you i know right thats whats so freaky lol oh do u have any blue on blue diamonds on my boxers thats cool like diamonds like the stone or like the shape? shape favorite food? depends on my mood pizza, tacos, pasta omg pizza sounds so good lol um favorite icecream? french silk and yours rocky road whats french silk? chocalae with shavings chocalate ooooh that sounds really good it is rich like mouse what is your mom doing shes hanging out in the living room her bf is here ok where is the computer in my room why? just wondering so that is why you are talking to an old guy like me lol am i boring you ure not old thanks kisses ur hand did i scare u off no do u have a myspace? yes aschutze@msn.com why idk just asking i got one too u want to see it? sure http://www.myspace.com/raeganspace when are you going to bed idk why? well i dont want to get you in trouble for keeping u up cute pic are you still there it was nice meeting you i thought you left no my computer keeps locking up ok do you have a boyfriend nope why not cos i just moved here well in may ok are you into sports soccer but i dont play really well at all as long as you have fun totally that is good what do you want to talk about idc what kind of computer do you have hp why? just wondering what is yuor favorite flowers tulips your ok i have to go do dishes :( will you be back can i try and get back on in a little bit ok i will wait if you want me too ill be back as soon as i can ok do you need help with those dishes how many dishes do you have did you go to bed ? dishes done how are those dishes lol done finally how was your day it was okay how about u? not bad did u have to work? nope u dont have a job? i am going in late tonight to read a note i have 2 omg 2?  what do u do? i am a supervisor for coloma frozen foods and i sell cutco whats cutco? cutlery www.cutco.com oh thats cool are you still grounded yeah  :( it will be ok >:D awww hugs for me? if it is ok duh of course what are you up to nothing really just relaxing yeah my moms bf is watching independence day REALLY loud so i'm not really watching it but i can hear it lol mmmmm i see do you have your door closed so it is not so loud yeah but cos of the surround sound its really bad ok is your homework done didnt have any ok what are you going to do tonight prolly just talk to u if thats cool lol ok what is on your mind idk.... not much um.... cute whats cute? your answer oh lol im sorta a dork but it works for me lol lol ok i think you are cool tyvm are you smiling there u totally made me smile too bad i cant see it :( dont frown dear are you ok totally good r u? whats on ur brain? nothing right now just chilling what kind of car do u have? i have a 98 f250, a 05 escape and a scout wow how come so many cars? the truck and scout are mine the escape i have it because i helped a cousin out and she was not paying the loan so i have that too wow ure really nice her and her bf tried to get another truck that i didnt know about and have me pay for it too omg were u like soooo pissed? yes i would be 2 and she knew that any extra money i had was to help my brother and his business she blew that thats so not cool yep some people are like that those people suck no offense i mean i know thats ur famiily and everything but thats so not cool i dont talk to her and she is an outcast sorry for boring u ure not boring me ok then what am i doing talking to me ok am i boring u? no you are not boring what are you thinking idk.  just sad sorta like ure so nice why are you sad? and someone is trying to hurt u that is life but thanks how nice am i idk so far really nice ok so i make you happy totally that is good let me know what i can do to make you happy u already do :) u should totally tell me what i cand do to make u happy if you are happy i am happy then yay us it would be nice to see your smile so any time you get some pix let me see your smile ok kay :) cute i must make you feel good whys that? you are always sending me smiles do u want me to stop? nope @}'- @};- goof ;;) do you have to wear an uniform at school used to ok what are doing playing flowerz ? its a game on msn ok so u have msn too no well i mean sorta when i click on the internet thing ok its there ok do you play checkers yeah would you like to play when i get back from dinner is that cool? ok are you going now yeah.  ill ttyiaf going to take a shower then i will be back i am back i think i am going go to eat talk to you later dont wait up for me i will be late because i was going to run in and read a note that my boss left me just saying hi :) hi how are you how r u ? good and you good. dont have to work today? that is good to hear i have to go in tonight oh i will be working as you are sleping and dreaming do u always work at night? yes sorry i was booted did you miss me totally how much tons actually ok i guess i can give you a hug would u like that totally how would you like your hug idk, what do u mean? how would you like me to hug you a bear hug, a nice hug, a gently hug, um all 3? lol ok which one do u like? where should i place my hands for the hugs >:D are you there? anyone there sorry my computer locked up and idk.. where ever u want them i guess where do you want them idk..like its not hard to hug someone lol ok hug >:D soft hug hands on shoulder blades how is that thats cool for what it is lol you want more well i mean its just a smiley... so... hugs you again rubs shoulder blades as i let go y r u talking like ure doing that? you said you want a soft hug and that is a soft hug sorry oh..um... okay i mean nothing to be sorry for just didnt understand ok what are you up to nothing really just sitting pretty u think im pretty? i only have seen your face, but you have a lovely smile and you are lovely inside why do you ask i thot thats what u were saying i dont know how talll you are or lenght of hair, or any other details um im only five feet and my pic is in my profile just shows ur face do u have a myspace? yes edit but i cant see your full profile unless you add me then add me goof aschutze@msn.com dude, ure totally already at my page , just add me lol it is not letting me since you are 14 whats it say? do u need my name or something? cos u got it right there lol it said that i need to be your friend thats silly ill add u lol ok ugh myspace is sooooooooo slow lol this sucks what sux? myspace slowness totally added u ok not going to add me? yes being slow hug B-) whats up with the sunglasses need them since you are so bright lol uhhuh sure sure hug what do you think of me i think ure nice and cute and sometimes ure funny lol and you like that totally how cute am i i think ure really cute so u wish i was your bear my bear? the one you are kissing in your pic ooh lol i mean.. do u want to be my bear? that is up to you i mean it could be cool ok cool pics your a babe u think? i know is that ok tyvm totally ;;) sorry i was booted its all good are you wearing pink today yep a pink shirt? yep i bet you look lovely :) a brown shirt here are you in shorts or jeans jeans am i being too nosey no its all good did you think about me the last couple of days totally did did u think of me? yes what did u think? i hope that you was doing well in school i hope you was happy i wish that i was able to talk to u and flirt with you so i can make you smile what did you think about ? :-/ did you get booted u always make me smile that is good do i make you feel warm in side totally are you falling for me trying not to why is that i will be good as long as you are because i dont know what u think of me you are fun to talk to nice body you are smart you make me feel good i enjy talking to you me too wish i could hug u would be nice holds out my hands so you can come into them thats weird when u say stuff like that like i dont know when u really want to hug me and when ure just saying it on here i really mean it hug i am letting you choose if you want the hug or not totally do, but its on here so.. i mean.. its just a smiley do you wish i was there i mean if u wanted to be it would be nice but only if u wanted to be i would enjoy spending time with you how would you like to spend time with me i would love that what would you like to do idk just have fun with u ok would we be inside or outside both? ok sounds good to me what should i wear whatever u want i guess it matters on when u want to mmm ok have not been camping u havent? the backyard but nothing else is your mom home shes making dinner ok have you thought about kissing me maybe a little have u tht about me? yes about kissing me? yes maybe thought about it too much why too much? because i could get in trouble for kissing u why? because i am old ure not old thanks where would you like me to kiss you idk.  what r the choices? any where you feel you would like it ill brb did i scare u off nope ru here? ru here? my computer keeps locking up :( brb you can text me on my phone 269 362 0200 how was dinner i havent eaten yet i just couldnt get my computer to work right ok do you know where you want that kiss whereever so you want more than one yeah kiss :-* where did u place them idk iwhat do u mean/ just wondering where you put my kisses idk.. ill let u pick where can i place them it is ur body whereever where have you thought about me kissing you ? idk havent really like i mean cos i didnt know u liked me >:D did you write my number down not yet did you see it in the offline messages yes ok i thinking about taking a shower did u have dinner? not yet are you busy nope what are you doing nothing really. so can i only text u on ur phone? you can call send pix i have nextel why do you ask just didnt want to call or whatever if u didnt want me to ok hug are you going to call me tonight maybe especially if my moms bf comes over is that so they will be distracted totally mmmm what time will that be idk will you be in bed idk depends why? just wondering >:D well dear i am going to take a shower talk to you later i guess i missed you before you went to school but have a good day and i will tak to you soon just saying hi hi how was your day okay hows urs? not bad did you sleep well last night eh, sorta i guess was something bothering you no not really just wasnt really tired when i went to bed,, but then was too tired to wake up lol i see hug what are you up to nothing really how about u? just laying here do u have any more pics? yes i have a cam too i dont have a cam can i see more pics? yes what kind of fish? bluegill thats cool have you been thinking about me yes didja u see all the pics on my myspace? all good i hope totally all good yes unless you put new ones no i dont have a camera to :( but maybe if my friends take some at school or something kisses your chin dont be sad ok i bet you are looking good sitting there i guess lol may i ask what you look like today pretty much the same as i looked yesterday lol only im still in school clothes which are ugly green and white lol mmm good thing you look good in anything u always such sweet things how sweet very and you are sweeter :-P yep you are sweeter i better stop licking you i might lick all of your sweetness away not possible lol mmmm sounds good to me :-P what is your green and white outfit like just a skirt and a shirt lovely skirt to your knees yeah mostly i was guessing that since they dont like the ladies to show their legs these days nice legs curves too are you busy not really you didnt respond to my last comment so i was not sure no thanks or a slap so i was not sure y would i slap u? for saying that you have nice legs and curves >:D ooooh  do u really think so? yes the pictures i have seen most definitly i dont know the measurements but you look great perfect body omg  u really think so? yes why wont i wouldnt i think so you look good idk, i guess cos ure so cute i didnt think u would think i would be i wish i was younger y? so i could kiss you without any problems hug you make me feel good y do u have ot be younger? its not like u couldnt kiss me if u wanted to true may hands would have to behave what do u mean? they couldnt not explore your body huh? rub your waistline so they could or couldnt? im confused couldnt or well shouldnt y? against the law what is? it is considered rape if someone my age messes around with a lady of your age messes around? touching well thats just stupid so you would have to keep your jeans and shirt buttoned when? lol when i am with you u want to be with me? i have to get to know you better and time what do you want to get to know u better i guess was i being too dirty no did you like the thought of it of what? me being with you yeah how would i be holding you idk thats up to u hug what would you do if i kissed ur neck let u and your belly button if u wanted  lol.  might tickle lol would you like it prolly yeah if ure serious kisses ur belly if you let me are you leaving me no y? just seeing if you would let me kiss did i scare you off no do you want me to stop no i just dont know if ure serious or not. like u say things and i dont know if u mean them or if ure just saying them if i say it i am serious are you there or did you get booted got booted sorry hug where did you get booted ? um... offline? ok if i was there what would you have to do idk, if i had company i wouldnt have to do anyting.  my mom doesnt make me do chores if i have friends over mmmm if your mom was not there and it was just us what would you want to do idk whatever theres all kinds of stuff what do u want to do? spend time with you looking into your eyes looking at your smile kiss you if you want me to i think that would be cool what room would we be in idk does it matter? nope as long as you are happy what do u want to do? make you happy well u already do that that is good would you want a back rub that could be cool i would rubs your shoulders work around your bra and rub your lower back in circles that could be cool i am thinking your skin feels good would rub your sides some rub your tummy in small circles a little bit moving up and down are you ok yes what are you thinking about idk are you thinking about me giving you a back rub idk i guess thats bf gf stuff... and we rnt really bf gf u know? like if we were.. then i guess that would be cool ok so you want me to stop well only if ure just trying to cyber with me no i want to keep you smiling and happy i feel i am letting you down im happy that is good what do you think about me i think ure sweet and cute do you wish i was closer y? so we could hang out go to a movie i mean if thats the only way we could then yeah i wish u were closer but i didnt know u had to be dont have to be then i dont get why ure asking by living far away we can get to know each other better at least on here ure confusing me sorry how do you want to get to know me what do you want to know idk.  everything what are your goals in life i am a country boy not big on neighbors i like to go outside any time i want even if it is in my boxers i like to snowmobile and fourwheeling i like walks in the woods i like seeing the sun raise and set i like looking at the stars i like tractor pulling thats awesome how tall is your mom idk like 5'6 im sorter than her but you are  still growing but you are sexy the way you are and you always will be >:D what are you doing besides talking to me was helping my mom with dinner sorry u really think im sexy? gonna go eat dinner really quick bbiab ok hi sorry i fell asleep its all good how was dinner alright what did you have spaghetti nice tasted good i bet am i blother u bothering nope why? i feel i am boring u nope what are you doing ? must of scared u off no. hold on a second please ok should i take a shower and come back yes please im helping my friend with algebra ok so u are a smart lady i like that hug how is the math lesson going @};- have a good day tomorrow i am going to head to work call if you like have fun at school hi hi how r u? how was your day ok how did your math lesson go good are you busy a little :( how was ur day/ good why are you sad cos im a little busy it is ok i have to work tomorrow where? coloma they are freezing blue berries tomorrow so everything has to be cleaned i might go tailgating tomorrow isnt football on sunday? college what are your plans for tonight nothing really ure going to freeze blueberries :) not going to your schools football game more like watch my crew clean the mess from freezing them up what are you up to nothing really was playin chuzzle ok >:D do you want to play with me play what? anything are you still in your school clothes yeah looking good then what did you wear same thing i always do as in freezing up are you still playing i guess you are busy take care >:D hi so you are hiding hi hi how was your day it was okay how was urs not bad did you miss me totally havent talked for like ever i know hug i bet you look nice there what are you up to nothing really sorta bored mmm when are you going to bed idk y? you could call me if you like what did you wear to school today what i always wear i have to go do dishes bbiab hi how are you how r u? ok u havent been around much :( and u do you miss me ive been okay totally i would sign on and u wouldnt be here so id sign off sorry hug guess u just didnt like talking to me any more have you been thinking about me yeah sorry i froze i guess you left take care hey been working a lot just wondered how you have been just seeing if you was on i hope school is going good for you hi drop me a line ok how r u? air ok and u im okay sad cos u havent been around lately hug so u missed me yeah how much tons but i guess u didnt miss me i did i left u mesages hug what are you up to nothing really my dad was here last weekend ok how did that go good it was happy to see him he left monday ok my moms going to windsor on friday so im having two great weekends back to back mmmm ur dads huh? so you will be at ur dads no my dad is in washington ok where will u be this weekend at my house mmmm may i come over ;) do u want to? yes really? i have friday off so far work saturady night thou would you like me to come over sure if u wnat i can cut school if u want me to how is ur sofa um okay i guess y? where do you want me to sleep idk its up to u except not my moms room lol shed be PISSED lol but honestly where do you want me to sleep honestly where ever u want where ever u would be happy ok what should i wear idc cumfy clothes ok do you want to sleep next to me if u want me to do you want to i mean it could be cool. but ud be the guest so its up to u it is ur house well i mean i just want u to be happy what would we do idc what do u want to do? ok would u want me to kiss u prolly yeah what else idk u decide when u think of something let me kno have dirty thoughts right now huh? sexual what about it? have you thought about it yeah with me? i mean if u wanted to do u thou prolly ok do u want to? love to be with u what do u mean? i would like to see u friday and saturday kay what do u want to do when u get here? make you happy um okay will u be alone not if ure there lol how are you feelingnow idk sorta like ure dinking with my head ? ? what? what do you mind do i mind what? mean idk i just feel that way do u want me to come yeah i do have you thought about it have i thot about what? us meeting idk a bit but then we didnt talk for a while so i didnt know if u liked me i like you i was booted did i lose u again no im here whatcha doing? relaxing what are you dong thinking about what you look like there where? if u are sitting i am on my sofa i wish u had a cam sorry what are you doing ? watching u u like what are you wearing? leggins and a teeshirt mmm anything else undies mmm what are they like idk just panties color style o i think theyre pink any lace idk i just put them on this morning lol mmm am i being too nosey not really i just dont know the answer ok hug what do u wear? where would u like a kiss i have tan pants and boxers on and i am a little firm ￼ Your buddy has sent you a cool Emoticon, to get it click http://www.smileyhub.com/s.asp?im=Yahoo=3=105723180=2=29606772=\@TCBE(20071)(0)$V=2,S=105723180$\@TCEE kiss where would u like a kiss i mean my lips i guess where else is there to kiss lips, belly, curves lower lips lower lips? pussy ive never been kissed there ok have u had sex with one person did u like it not the first time ok are you in ur room yeah at ur desk yeah kiss is ur school work done mostly am i keeping u from it no do u want me to go? no kiss what is ur address ill give it to u when she leaves i dont want u coming over when shes here shell get mad lol ok kiss what are you thinking about idk what u want to do when u get here im up for pretty much anything fun as long as it doesnt kill me lol you want me in your bed bad dont u i mean i want u to be happy i want u to be happy nice belly button am i making u horny idk i guess i dont really get horny if i cant do anything about it lol are u thinking about doing something what do u mean? playing with urself i dont do that ok why not idk how many people r u talking to just u bringing up ur pics which pics? on myspace oooh u havent left me a comment or anything rather tell u to ur face what do u want to tell me? i like the pic with the pink tank top or is that a bra im not sure which one but its not my bra lol u have nice curves nice hand full what is? ur breast u think? yes not sure what size but they fit u well thnx makes me happy u think so nice to lick and suck on your nipples what are you thinking about about what ure doing on cam do u like r u doing it just for me? or r ur doing it for someone else? yes just u cant really see anyway u will friday will i what? see it if u want me to do u want me to? if u want to do u yeah how much im excited about u coming over how excited i guess very weve been talking so long do u love me i think so is that bad? no if it is i wont tell do u love me? yes swear? yes is that bad no i would hate that i loved u if u didnt love me so im glad u do do u have any hair kiss um yeah its pretty long too ive been letting it grow how long u saw the pictures its like middle of my back cool hug i have to go have dinner ok ill be back in a bit is that okay? yes miss me okay? might be napping okay i will when is she leaving seeeing if you was on wondering how your day went going to take a nap hug boo hi how r u? ok u eh i got good news and bad news um hello? ok whered u go ? just trying to get rid of headache oh do u want me to leave u alone? what is the news i can cut school tomorrow but i cant cut until after lunch cos i have a test to take you should go the whole day ok so what time r u gonna come then? 6 that way i will be rested okay still need address omg i forgot lol do u have a pen? yes removed grand rapids mi i guess the mi was sorta obvious huh? lol hug well i guess go rest until ur head doesnt hurt any more i miss and love u miss u too see u tomorrow kay. promise? yes yes here is my cell 269 362 0200 see you tonight*+*21:3*+*2*+*[0.5728865780858848, 0.42711342191411517]*+*1*+*