 hi heya where are you from where i from or where i am now? whats ur asl? where are you now :-) m/40/ca cool right now im in socal 13/f you are 13? yeah so? we can never meet sadly huh? i was hoping to meet someone from ca yeah so whats wrong with me? but your age is not 18 or above lol oh u all hung up on age thats so silly do you want me to get in jail dear? lol u gonna call the cops? so do you want to meet people? i dont care if i meet osmeone cool on here why not? where in ca? socal by la u? la do you date? you have a bf? i had one but i dropped him did you also have sex with him? yeah so do you masturbate? not relaly that borin what do you like in sex? i only did reg my ex was lazy and stupid what do you like? i dunno i aint done much i told u do you have a web cam? no i wish you can learn yeah it be nice to know more i guess what are you wearing lol clothes jeans and a tshirt sweet yeah panty? yeah what color? white u gotta pic? not on this computer i will send you one oh well email if u find it decoy name@yahoo.com cool do you like oral? i never had it done to me did you do it ? yeah do you like to eat cum? lol i dunno it wasnt like omg great or w/e :-) then again he was lazy so maybe i dunno he sucked cute do you have hair on your pussy lil not much ok i like to lick you lol u never done it so how u kno? i have done it many times do you get wet alot? a lil but not like just random or w/e if you play with your pussy now, will you get wet? maybe or id get bored lol :-) do you have a nice ass? i think its okay its not like super great but it aint bad i know what you mean but if i lick you good you can cum alot lol u wouldnt do that do what? lick you? yeah why not? cause he said that too but he never did guys just say that i love to lick alot specially if you get on your knees so i can lick your ass and pussy do you think you may like it? yeah i prob would no doubt i like to play with the ass too cool you seem busy what? where in la are you im not busy im by la im not in la which town close to la thats all i say until i talk to u and kno u cool ok do you have a cell phone? we gotta house celly well do you have any phone i can call you tomorrow or later tonight i aint havin u call tonight my dad home till sometime 2morrow and even then i aint havin u call cause the stupid thing shows on the bill who call in show that i give number ok i understand i can call maybe but not this late at night do you like to meet sometime? maybe u seem cool thanks wed have to talk more i think ok so i know u aint some guy that pretend to be cool but is really a sereal killer lol oh my but do you enjoy sex? i liked what i did with my ex what did you do darling just reg i told u did he play with your ass? not really use fingure in your ass? lololol nooo ok are you shy? nah im tough do you have a round ass? it kinda round yeah it aint like a booty girl lol lol but will you let me kiss it and lick it? lol u wouldnt do that why u even ask? i promise to do honestly i enjoy doing it lol sure id like u do that why not? if it dont hurt it all good i am very gentle i lick you everywhere cool and then you can lick me thats cool if u nice to me id be nice back sure i promise cool i like to keep your panty so i can taste you later so wear your panty all day long lol u wouldnt do that u crazy if i like you i will cool i can cum all over your panty later lol i fu wanted to i dunno that sound weird to me cute :-) do you want to see me cum? maybe for real i guess yes like to cum on your lips im sure u would where do you want me to cum baby u aint here so i dont care when we meet i dunno not in me i dont wanna get pregs on your breast mouth? it depend on how nice u were to me cute :-* lol kissyface so we have to do this in a hotel i assume lol what? sex no i aint gonna go to some hotel where do you want to do it baby i dont even gotta car lol im 13 i cant drive if we did it probs here where i feel safe sure but is your parents home all the time no my mom live in nocal my dad in socal my dad go up to see her all the time divorce? i go up sometimes too we switch off no she gotta biz up there he gotta biz down here ok so yeah when will you be alone soon? he go up there this weekend tomorro sometime so you are alone sat ? yeah part of tomorrow sat and sun do you want to try it this sat if we talk more sure u seem like u aint lazy cool but i like you to tell me what things you want me to do for you what your fantasy is a guy that wants to make me feel good :( and i dont know what all there is to do i only did reg i just want a nie guy that is smart not lazy and take charge tough guy kinda cool ok that is fair i like to please you cool that would be nice if you are sweet and honest and kind so tomorrow evening you are alone? yeah should be im sweet and honest and kind i think is it safe there? he does not drop by nah he gonna go up to nocal on plane lol unless he jump outta the plane :p oh no :-) do you like to talk about sex baby? we can talk about it but i aint into fakey stuff u kno? faky ? explain please like cyber stuff like im doin this but the guy aint doin it u kno? do you get turn on when you talk about it? nah talk is talk u kno? it dont do me like that do you like porno? i never watched any sexy pics ok wish i was there remove your jeans yeah if u were here but u not right now and remove your panty yeah u prob would this is that kinda fakey stuff tho and start licking your pussy where u go i do this and i do that but u aint really doin it i will tomorrow or sat if you like baby cool if u for real and we talk more no doubt that better than bein bored lol yes do you like to talk dirty when doing it? i never really done that ok i like you to use your hand on me i would do that do you have lotion at home we got some around osmewhere ok and use your tongue and lips to suck me if you want we can do it in 69 position i never done that that might be cool realy i will hold you up side down so you can suck my cock while i am licking your pussy by head it between your legs lol u couldnt do that no w u just crazy talk i promise to do i have very much experience in that lol to hold me upside down? u crazy guy yes how much do you weight? 89 so why is it hard? baby lol i dunno that just sound crazy :-* aww kissyface will you bend for me also? like over? yes so i go behind u sure i aint done nothin so long as it dont hurt and u say i like that this feel good i try it i aint scared im tough it is nice i use condum cool yeah i dont wanna get pregs when doing your pusssy if you have ky jelly i can use it on your ass huh? i try it easy slowly on your ass if you like it more i will go in further i dunno about that that prob hurt i dont wanna hurt if not i just keep the head in yes i will be very gentle okay i want to make you cum several times thats how i cum lol that be crazy show you some sexy pic maybe do you suck good sweetie i dunno i though i twas okay you want to make me cum when you suck lol aint that the point? yes baby you are so cute thanks :) is that your pic? yeah i got more pics on my yahoo photo just click link so cute :-* lol thanks :) most welcome baby yeah u nice thank you darling i work till 5 tomorrow i can probably drop by after that cool u gonna come online at work? i do not chat at work but i can check my yahoo you want to give me direction sweetie oh okay i give em to u tomorrow so i know u for real k? no problem cool that way i aint ditched lol i love to meet with you yeah thatd be fun you live in a house? yeah not a nice one tho how far are you from the valley lol i dunno i dont drive im in long beach oh ok it is a drive oh is it too much? one hour not at all it is ok oh cool cool if you let me know the address sooner i can navigate it sooner so plan to drive early yeah but what if u dont come on tomorro then u a ditcher u kno? u promis u come on or email me? why would i not come if u promis u email me when u gonna go from work and what time u get here then i give addy i dunno some guys are all talk lik emy ex lol no baby i like your looks thank u u gotta promis to email tho i like us to enjoy each other so if we can please each other i will show up cool :) take shower with you too i never did that that sound fun your father leave you alone at age 13 and leaves? lol yeah im not a baby you sound mature and sweet what style panty do you wear? i only got regs full kind ok will you strip for me lol like a dance? not the dance just strip slowly oh i could try doin that lovely then give your panty to me lol i could do that and offer me to lick your pussy lol u could just do that i think mmmmmm and ask me to lick your ass too lol youd just do that yes would you like me to baby? wow i guess so if it feel good yes you will get wet big time lol cool then you can ask me to fuck your pussy um alright do you want me to fuck slowly baby or faster? i dunno w/e feel best ok we will start slow then see what you like cool thatd be nice :) yes is your pussy moist now nah sorry that is ok its just talk until it real :) needs my tongue baby :) i want u so much cool :) youd be fun for sure yes is your neighberhood safe i dunno it okay it aint great tho ok i can park safely there? oh yeah most def u could park in front of the house no probs u got like a super nice car or somethin lol it is ok :-) lol what kind car? lexus oh arent those like super nice? lololol well, i better be safe there or i will bite you :-) lol u be safe here i make sure you are so sweet you like to see some porn pics lol thanks i dunno i mean now show you some what kind? cock and pussy lol okay u can email decoy name@yahoo.com i can show you here that dont work i gotta firewall u sure yeah i click it and it dont do nothin what version yahoo do you have i dunno baby go to help on menu and click that and see about yahoo it say 7 0 2 120 and then it say 6 0 0 600 there is 8.0 version also out if you want you can down load it later or i help you when i come to see you yeah i dont know puter too much u help when u here :) ok baby thanks :) anytime ;) you are cute so what turns you on? the idea of some guy likin me more than vid games kinda ok licking your pussy? ok that sound good will you open your pussy for me to lick it lol maybe :-) and your ass? i dunno i like you to do it for me well if u want that when u here then just say so i guess ok baby i do not want you to be shy i want us to have fun and enjoy i wont be when u here but u gotta know i aint done nothin like this so u gotta gimme time when u here to warm up k? we have fun :) ok baby not to worry cool when i cum first time in few min youcan suck me so i can get hard again cool you can come and sit on my cock and go up and down on it that cool i can spank you gently what is your name baby i go by willow but my pinay name is luzviminda u sebastian right? no dear that what i assme raymond oh what do you like me to call you willow ok sweetie are you busy now? chatting? no something wrong? no nothin wrong cat was jumpin on me wish i was the cat:-) lol i bet sweetie doing anal is nice i love that u cant be mean we try things and if that go okay maybe but dont be mean k? so we can see if you like it i promise not to be mean okay i want us to enjoy maybe you will just like to fingure you ass while doing your pussy i dunno well see yes doing anal is also tricky one must be gentle it can get a bit messy at times it is ok and i do not mind i dunno do you use bathroom in morning or evening baby whenever i gotta i do it ok did you already today yeah ok i love to cum inside your ass if you like i dunno well see sure no worries cool you may make my cock dirty... yummy lol u a crazy guy :-) don't be shy though ok? i wont when u here cool if my cock is dirrty it is ok um okay i will wash it up and then insert it in your pussy or mouth okay if u nice yes baby okay wish i knew exactly how far you are i just dont wanna be ditch i feel better if u were online 2morrow u kno? what time baby? then i know for real cause i dont want all talk what time u gonna be online? i come online for u i can get on line around 10 am lol if im up i be up for u tho that way u know i for real sure? if you want to sleep is ok nah i wake up for u you are so sweet aww thanks what will you wear tomorrow? i dunno w/e clear clean skirt? if i got one clean i dont got too many of those panties you have one style it is ok yeah you can pull it aside so i can see your pussy and ass lol well see i think im gettin tired tho k? ok baby im gonna go to bed talk to u tomorrow early ok sweet heart sleep well and see you at 10 am kiss you all over i will see u then night night wet dreams night darling hi heya u made it yes how are you im good just kinda blinky how come tired? cause i just woke up lol oh ok :-) lol yeah did you sleep well? did you have a wet dream? i dont remember honestly i slept good tho cool is yor dad gone nah but he leave in two hour ok any plan for today? lol nothin sids what we talked about last night cool so you are ready for me to lick your pussy lol yeahhh well not right this sec cause i still blinky but today sure cool so what is your address sweetie u gonna map it? yes i also have a navigation system nice *removed* city? long beach i told u that ok sweetie i also like to hear your voice i can dial *67 before dialing your # u dont listen so my number does not show on your phone my dad is home if u want i can call u after 2 hours u wanna call me in 2 hours? yes or whenever is better *removed* fine go ahead but u better block it and i cant talk long cause im gonna claim it was a wrong number if anyone ask if they check the bill no problem sweetie what time is better? noon is fine i check he leave little arlier than noon ok how about 1:30 ? uh okay cool are you feeling better now feelin better? im fine just still yawnin awww cute maybe you take a shower i will later you will feel better do you have your own room yeah how many bedrooms you have three kinda but one an office cool do you have a big bed? its a queen great do you want us to do it on your bed sweetie its nice so that prob best yes . cool i better get some condum yeah no doubt do you get wet well baby or you will need lotion? i dunno honest u got like speciual lotion? they use certain lotion to help oh is your pussy tight? i think so ok but you will enjoy it ok darling i will call you between 1:30 and 2:00 pm today ok? call at 1 30 cause then i knew when and i aint gonna be like in the shower or somethin when u call ok sweetie 1:30 pm cool :) wish i was there this is gonna be awesome yes me too but u will be u said :p yes ok baby talk with you later be good, ok? talk to u soon :-* lol i will be aww kissyface thanks darling bye bye*+*23:10*+*2*+*[0.5001498351813005, 0.4998501648186994]*+*1*+*