 hey hi asl? 22/m/Fl and u ?? 14 f fl oh wow my bad :P watpart of florida ? south true im in orlando sucks lol lol yea so wat u uptoo tonight ? nothin yea same here bored n chillin wish i was out  walking around town butim too lazy atm lol yea lol brb so wats ur story okay so any plans for tonight , or u just chillin ? back lol no plans for tonite tokk u long eough hahaha if your gonna be rude, bye sorry it was just a joke mybad forgive me babe? :( fine k thank you >:D yw so u gotta name ya and it is ? Bea wow nice lol im Luis nice to meet ya hi have u ever started walking somwhere and realized u have no idea why ur walking so u continue on hoping something will be at the end lol lol im sorry but that show bored i am i think about stuf that doesnt really matter :P lol mind if i add ya ? nope, dont mind so wat do u like to talk about ? whatever it dont matter u mind if i call u ? ya i would maybe later, tho alright no problem so what you do besides chat and ponder walking eh well im into pretty much anything like... bowling, pool, the beach , putt putt, paintball hanging with friends u know how bout urself? paintball sounds fun beach is cool yea paintball is funny def builds up bruises hehe but yea its def fun oh, it hurts? hahaha not really oh, ok but the paintballs leave bruises though its all good im sure u could take the pain lol, probly haha u ever been 4 wheeling? nope fun stuff girl been dirtbiking especially when u taken to the mud yea i always wanted to do dirtbiking u like it? in the mud? then you get all muddy? yea u get all muddy thats half the fun cant be afraid to get dirty whenu have fun nope so if were were out riding wouldu get mad if i threw mud on ur shirt lol just dont do the hair an makeup hahaha is that ur precious? hahahaha no snese in getting all done up to get muddy haha def :P im sure ur pretty without make up or do u choose to wear it ? i wear it sometimes yea well never hurts just do put too much on lol *dont put so wat do u like to do ? mostly eyeliner ic got any hobbies? i draw sometimes oh yea sweet same here i used to do poetry but i kind of gave that up lol yea lol drama hahah i only would write poetry when i thoght about a girl alot but lately havent had a girl like that for quite sometime so wat about u any bfs? nope lucky hehe keeps stress off ya :P lol blow pops or tootsie pops? tootsie ur a first lol most people choose niether or blowpops so u like going out or just staying in u room? i like goin out nice same here moves movies wat movies u like? i wanna see that silent hill one hahaha samehere comes out tomororw :D u gonna go see it? :D dunno i think it srated p-g13 so u should be good :P yay! hahhaa u know ur really fun girl to talk too lol thanks im glad i met u :) ;;) ;) if only i could take u out on  date to see that movie hahaha lol that would be fun but i guess i would be pushing my luck :P would ya want to go with me? maybe hehe that could lead to a yes ;) u said u live down south wat city u live in? ft myers hehe really one o fmy friends , friend is having a wedding there saturday :P wow yea wow yipppee lol lol not likeim going or anything :( awww yea toolate of notice dont have nothing to wear lol yea sucks ahh wells oh well so watcha thinking about? nothin well imthinking wether or not i should go to sleep early or stay up all night lol lol been donig that alot lately cant sleep wat time u usually go to bed? when i get tired hhe nice thats uusually how it is with me not always, but no school tomarrow yea def were on spring break right now ya u too ? no school til next week ohh nice ;) yup maybe we can hang out or something u up for that? when? umm ur off the whole week right? whats left of it oh just until sunday? i have sunday off too...lol go back mon ahh how bout next week? then school next week no i mean on sat or something oh...the weekend is good parents arent gonna be home mostly ahh so u wanna do a movie at urplace then? you gonna bring movies? i seen all the ones here haha awt movie ? u wanna watch what kinds you got? pretty much anyuthing just gotta know scary ones my parents dont buy those lol lol give my mom nightmares i have the ring two ooooo boogeyman those sound good u wanna watch those? ya tell u have seen those lol u havetn seen them? I saw the first ring but not the second ahh yea its cool i like itmore really? usually the first ones the best yea true depends on the taste hehe :P boogeyman is alright too cool but if u havent seen it more to see it we gona watch movies all night or do u want me to bring just thow two? what else ya wanna do it doesnt matter we could do other stuff too anything is fun lol yea play games doesnt mater wat did u havein mind? dunno its cool watver comes up :) lol hahaha your funny true brb ok back k so movies...and.... popcorn? course gotta have th epopcorn pizza and beer? oh, thats football lol lol hahaha u drink ? sometimes damn lol hehe hehe im already likin ya :P lol what you wanna have pizza and beer? do u have some? no hahaha well, we might have frozen pizza they buy it before they go so i dont make big messes in the kitchen hehe good deal :P no beer k well see wat happens then mi waiting for my Id and they dont like it when i sneak rum so i can buy some oh lol well i can get some bfore i head up there but its gonna be warm by the time i get there i got ice true :D dont get drunk on me girl lol lol y not? lol i want u to remember everything ll not wake up and be lik wtf did i do las tnight hahhaa nah its cool u can get drnuk lol i dont drink THAT much i never said u did lol lol already accusing me :P hehe well im gonna go lay down did u wanna talk on th ephone? when you gonna be up? tomarrow? im gonna be up still just gonna go lay down lol I can call tomarrow for sure um call me whenever tomorrow morning afternoon dont matter u  to busyto talk tonight ? lol lol no but ill be by myself tomarrow hahaa hehe wat u wanna be alone with me :P lol yup wantcha all to meself ahh i c i hear ya :D :D >:D >:D want my cell babe ? cure sure lol gotta pen? yuppers write this on ur chest so u seeit when u wake up and look atmirror lol lol 1-407-617-5866 got it alright i;ll talk to u tomorrow kk ifu wanan call tonight go fo r it i;l answer :) kk ttyl oh your name luis? yea k and u are Bea lol yup :d :-* :D ciao niters wats up chika i am lol lol cant sleep for nothing freakin sucks awww me neither atleast i havesomeone to talk too :P hehe come give me a massage that will do it just fine lol then youd fall asleep on me oh thats right lol wellu could always cuddle up next hahaha awww u wouldnt mind me holding ya would ya ;) sure anyways wat u been doing thesepass fewhours chattin really? lol hahhaha damn find anygood ones? not really just me huh j/k :P hehe but seriously no good ones at all lol not realy suckage girl bunch of idiots with webcams an wats wrong with webcams? lol its not the cam...its the guy in front of it...ewwwww some of em are just nasty hahaha well tell them to show u there cock maybe that will surprise u ahhaah lol some of them do and? ummm...well....ewww lol ur picky huh lol some of them are fat and gross or waaay old lol im suprised u havent met one u like lol i like you your funny lol thats how i am :P gottahave a sense of humor ;) yup *slaps u r booty* lol :-O :D small butt lol lol u ever listen to those soundboards? no what are they? there like pphrases that actors say oh there funny here i;ll link u one http://www.ebaumsworld.com/arnolds.html click one of the sounboards haha lol its funny whenu press lots of them at the same time lol that would kill my computer hahhaa suckage lol i have to ask u u ever fart before lol ya dont everyone yea just very rare do u hear a girl do it lol lol when did u have u first kiss? couple years ago yea ihadminewhen iwas 6 lol 6? always went to this babysitters place and her daughter always likedme and jumped onme omg then one night we always saw our mom n dad kiss she was 6 too? so we tried it lol lol haha we both gagged hahaa lol lol u like kissing with the tongue or justthe lips? tongue is good lol yea awesomeme too i dont see how people can jus tkiss with lips couldnt live with that lol ask me somthign anything lol i dont care wat it is hmmmm dunno what to ask? lol anything you work? no just go to school oh, colledge? yea scholarshipmoney and parents helping me pay for everything i so wish i had ajob though it gets really boring lol when i cant buy the things i want awwww yea sucks i mean i have money to go out but not to get wati want wata bout u u gotta job? lol, no well u never know part time hahaa i babysit sometimes see there u go :P lol its not a real job hahaa yea but its stillone though gotta watch out forkids make sur ethey dont burn the house down lol that would suck if one of the kids did though and u were sleeping on the couch lol ya brb k k im back hehe u alive girl lol yup tired, but alinve lol lol ended up going to wendys lol lol my room mate bought me some grub :) munchies/ u could saythat imf reakin full lol lol i tried that tripple burger and i cannont move lol omg hahahaa im sooo full i bet blah lol pepto bismol need some lol hahaha so watcha thinking about going to bed getting tired oh snap girl lol i bet u are im like freakin wired from this food lol thought i waws full go puke lol hahaha i cant oh i gotta crap lol lol hahaa :P man im gonna be up all night lol u rnot gonna leave me are u lol im tired ahh snap u wuss :P :-O hahaha you so didnt say that oh i so did wat u gonna do about it Bea lol beat your ass hahahaha lol bring it im gonna smack urs lol lol lol u wear thongs or g -string? i have a couple thongs ahh so u wear panties hehe sometimes lol so u mostly just dont wear any :P hahaha hahhaa well u said sometimes u never said wat u wear mostly lol nothing lol just kidding dont kid lol lol i sometimes dont wear anything either why not lol im just kidding lol lol sou go bare most of the time? maybe maybe not lol u cant answer with a yes or no hahaha hahahaha well i can say i dont wear any mostof the time im not afraid to admit it oh? :D yup so let me guess k one of ur thongs is black lol yup that usuallyu means u wanna have sex soon hahhaa lol oh realy? idk do u? maybe u had sex yet? no but obviously u seen lots of cocks on the cam hahaa lol u ever go down on aguy? no have you lol no lol hahaha hey ya never know true lol but no im not like that lol girls i prefer hhehe any guy go down on u? no oh im sure you'll find one ;;) lol lol the food is settlign in the stomach :P good yea feels better happy to hear that lol u ever get urself off Bea? no u serious? ya wow lol lol u shave there? a little you? yea lol realy? i shave it all yea wow no use for it your the first guy who ever said ya...lol lol well my cock needs air lol lol dont want my hair to get in the way lol yea feels bettert hough when its shaved dont it itch when it starts growing back? no i never let it wow i got so used to shaving it that i shave it everyday so it stays bare everyday? yea damn tends to grow that fast wow yea its not bad if i let it grow just bothers me so i just shave it lol its no biggie u should try it shave urs all off maybe i will wouldnt be the dumbest thing i ever did lol but it would be a first for everything lol lol take a picture of it for me when ur done hahaha lol j/k :P omg hahahaha :)) your bad it was just a joke uh huh sorry forgive me babe :( lol hehe u should call me so we can talk n lay down :) na, parents might hear ahh ur that loud lol wat kind of music u listen too rock a little country u like nickelback or goo dolls goo goo dolls are good one of my favoritest yea same here i like them so do ur parents work allthe time is that why there never home? work, go gambling lol gamblin so are they gonna mind if im there? lol if they knew they might so were gonna do this behind there back lol hahaha lol i take that as a yes lol yup better make sure the gone for like 6 horus lol lol so we can watch our movies why 6 hours? oh 2movies lol well i guess 4 something like that they'll be gone like 2 days lol so i guessim sleeping over then :P lol lol we got a comfy couch true u gonna come with ? to the couch? yea you mean sleep on it together? its not that big oh so im sleeping alone :( lol you dont wanna you could borrow one of my teddy bears >:) hahaha lol well what did you have in mind? idk maybe come sneak up into r ur bedroom lol lol or would u kick me out if i did should i? idk up tou its ur bed lol you hog the covers? nope how bout  we cuddle and i;ll be ur covers hehe lol you gonna sleep on top of me? no u can sleep on top of me i;ll sleep beside u an  wrap my arms around u awww how bout that lol lol shit i gotta get to sleep before they get up and im still up hahahaa almost 4 am lol wat time u gonn acall tomorrow? or should i not worrry about it dunno you gonna be there all day? where? by my cell lol i always have it oh...lol...cool yea lol or did u lose the number hehehe nope lol 407 617 5866 right yea haha...see...didn't lose it lol i never said u did oh heres the other thing did u write it on ur chest hahaha lol no my forehead lol shoot yea right lol u wrote it paper dont lie lol ya i did else it woulda washed off lol yea good thinkin nite night :D hey chika hey did your phone stop ringin yet? lol actually i just got off ofi t lol lol you talkin to other girls? nah my mom called oh yep other girls :P hehe ur th eonly girl i wanna talk too hahaha awww but someone didnt want to stay on th phone :P lol sory cant be on the phone forever hahaha sou say were gonna have to work on that get u to talk more lol lol so watcha doing gonna pull a alnighter again lol dunno yea i can see it now i com eback online and ur on its 5 am hahaha hahaha so watcha thinking about girl nothin much you? same old i wanna get outta the apt some friends wanna go see silent hill but no money lol awww gotta wait for it poor you >:D wats ur favorite kind of cereal hmmm hmmm fruity pebbles hahaha awesome same here i just never eat them cause im alwayas running outtta milk :P lol whatcha doing with the milk? it tends to run out faster then the cereal oh plus sometimes im always making chocolatemilk too lol http://i4.photobucket.com/albums/y147/sphinx_56_02/savage_rat_dogs.jpg B-) haha, those your dogs? nah hahaha just a picture of some dogs lol oh tha twould be awesome if they were lol lol if u could rive would u come up here lol cant you drive? yea i can drive lol got a car? yea of course lol it was just a question not a suggestion lol oh lol I told dad i want a mustang convertable for my sweet 16 ahh the new model or old model? either a new one or like a really old one in realy good shape def girl i like ur style def gotta open mind :D lol just dont want no like 1985 crappy thing hahahaa iknow wat u mean ihave one of those as my first car a 1985 crappy thing oh yea ya but your a guy it was 1983 lol but im a guy guys like fixing and stuff lol hahaha funny girl :P i dont want to have to build my car so u wouldnt care if i cam n saw u in one of those hehe lol why whatcha got? i have a 2000 cavalier what color? its white 5 speed 2 door lol hehe yup thats my car :) u gonan deal with it or u gonna hate on it lol its ok better than what i got hahaa wat do uhave now? nothin lol true well, bikes dont count lol they could if put amotor on it hehe lol would still need a lisense to drive on the streets, right? yea lol just stay on the sidewalk :P didnt think you could have motor stuff on the sidewalk nah u cant but some people still do anyway cause cars would run them over did u try running around naked n ur house yet lol no lol so how long ur parents going to be gone for? the weekend why? was gonna see if i can head down there tnoight is why imean unless uhad plans ahh no plans yet k so wat did u have planend for the next morning nothin yet why you gonna spend the nite idunno do u mind ? guess not lol you bringin movies? well i gotta see make sure i have money i have the movies already oh money for what? GAS lol ohhh its expensive these days unless u gonna hooke me up babe ;) hook you up with money? yea lol dont got much just a little bit for emergency ahh it scool no worries wats ur address how far from ft myers are you? about 3  - 4 hours wow yea lol now  u see why i asekd to sleep over hahaha you gonna drive all that way just for movies? well to hang out with ya too we gotta couple day s we can do things lol like? no  idea i never been there dont know wats down there u ahve anythings in mind? well not much if you dont have lots of money suckage lol yup yea same here in orlando lol major suckage guess we can chill at ur place u find with that just chill? hey im up for anything u gottapool? we got a jacuzzi tub well maybe we can hit that up :) cool bringin your swim suit? dont have one i;ll jus tbring some boxers haha oh, then what you gonna wear in the jacuzzi?' oh or we could just strip once we get in there hehe lol that neve rhurt anyone u up for that? maybe its ur house gotta follow ur rules lol lol yuppers as long as we get to cuddle at nigth im fine with watever :D well i sorta just wanted to know if i should do anything special to get ready :"> lol idk it up u dress sexy hehe no undies :P wear watever u want lol how sexy? show some cleavage hehe like tight jeans or skirts? skirt is good lol u gotta watch this babe funny lol what is it? what else besides the top and skirt? stockings? that would look good i have a pic u wanna see wat i mean? sure ? im looking fo ri t lol oh lose it? i found it lol u have something likethat they're only wearing bras well i mean besides that lol the lower area damn, she's got that skirt pulled down pretty far, she got underwear on? lol i don tthink so so you want me to wear no undies? thats up too thats up to u ur body babe u can show off watever u want i just kinda wanted to know what you want...your driving a long way dont wanna do something stupid lol eh and wat if u dont like me when i show up lol lol then its gonna be a waste of a drive why wouldnt i? i dunno lol i seen your pic on your profile ohh u like? your cute hahaha yea i get that alot baby face lol lol sucks eveyone thinks im younger then my age lol at least ppl wouldnt think hey what she doing with that old guy...lol hahaha ur right huh lol i just dont wanna get all ready then feel dumb cos i had the wrong idea, ya knwo? yea why u planned on turnin me on hehe lol hahaha krayzie girl never know babe ;) so you gotta shower or anything before you come here? of course im not coming as i am right now lol lol gotta shave n everything smooth skin u know ;) lol should i shave? dont girls always shave lol yes u shold shave lol i dont want to be near a hairy girl lol lol i still feel kinda silly lol sorry watu mean lol just nervous not knowing ahh not knowing abou twat? wats gonna happen ya oh eh just hang with it chill relax dont worry we;ll have fun :) see wat u mean? see wat lol i dunno just nervous being dumb its ur house u can kick me out whenever u want allu gotta say is leave you bringin beer? and i;ll go or just movies probably not this time ok is that cool? ya you gonna bring anything else...just in case u gonna be nervous if i ask u to come cuddle up next to me myabe i;ll bring some clothes hehe and a toothbrush? and thigns i need for the next day yea lol are u sure ur parents gonna be gone dont want them to rip me one lol ya, they left all packed up and gone k ur gonna call them when i get there and make sure lol im nervous about that hahha i dont usally call them ohh their cell dont work the whole way there true they eve call u ? not much usally when their on their way home true that will giveme some time to get ready 'we're on our way so clean up your mess" lol wats ur address so i can mapquesti it lol oh, duh sorry ineed what? city state and zip lol 33901 fort myers fl so what time you think you gonna be here gotta see the directsion frist first oh Total Est. Time:  3 hours, 28 minute lol wow so bout 1130 > ? ack acl? ack lol is that bad or awt wat trying to get a ? kept hittin the wrong key oh hahhaa lol u gonna be by ur phone? might be lol friends keep callin, so it dies omg so i could getlost and u wouldnt even answer :( ohh well, i could call you bout 11 just in case its not hard to find is it? nah just alot of on ramps and off ramps its a brick house hhaha im talkin gabou tthe roads to get there oh hey park on the street and walk around back? okay any reason lol so the neighbors dont get nosey then you can just come in the back door its got a green canopy thing over it okay that way your not like standing outside forever if im in the bathroom or something go through the kitchen kinda to the left...to the living room, k lol wont that scareu hahahaa well, dont want ya standing around outside yea thats true all my friends just come in the back door so the neighbors wont think anything weird that # you gave me your cell? yea its my cell k :) you gonna go get ready? not yet lol oh im writing directions down lol lol makin gmy own cause that would help map quest it like crazy lol so you'll be here bout 11? ummm since its a jew town i;ll give u a ring when i get closer i';ll let u knw when im leaving k? just hit me up here before you go ill be on...lol k lol uknow where   is ? in ft myers? yea its the street that leads to ur house goofy lol ya well, thought maybe you meant in orlando sry i get dumb when im nervous hahaha well if u rso nervous we can do this another time ill be ok u sure? anyhow ? ? you asked about the street oh yea would u know where im at if im there ??? ya what # did i call you from? my cell ohh hold no, my # oh..if you dont get an answer there...try its the backup phone lol lol k it sounds funny sometimes, but...if the other one is dead... yea it s cool well i gotta shower n get ready k i'll im u back when im gonna lave send me a message here k hey ? what? I am currently away from the computer. im taking off now k so i;ll see ya soon? k*+*19:9*+*2*+*[0.6809513606170988, 0.31904863938290123]*+*1*+*