 hello carriebare and what are you up to? hi hi what are you looking for tonight just chattin cool and are you busy nah i was away from the puter so what would you like to chat about wat is ur asl? lol old enought 57/m/indiana lol im 14 f mi cool i just looked at ur prof u r cute well ty lol im nosey ok and what do you like to do for excitement well i like to skateboard music movies hanging with friends chatting u? oh camping rideing horses and sex lol thats kool glad you like and do you camp any no i never been camping before oh you are missing a good time and some great food fixed over the fire well noone ever took me before they ;r all too busy i guess that is to bad i work a 47.5 hours aweek at my job and farm and still find time to go camping wow well i guess thats just how it goes yep so have you ever rode a horse no fishing well my dad took me once when i was 10 oh it was fun yes it is u do it lots? so have you tried sex yet every chance i get nah not yet ok i am going camping this weekend where u goin to? to the river thats kool do u have kids u take n stuff? i don't like camp grounds nope just me yea too many ppl i bet u go alone? yep how come? some times i take a lady friend along thats kool ur gf? no lol :) makes snuggling in sleeping bag fun lol i bet so sleeping bags fit 2 ppl? you ever get excited thinking about boys the 1 i have does well idk i think guys r hot and stuff i used to have a bf cool we broke up like 3 wks ago that is bad but good for me because we are chatting and you not busy with him lol lol it was time anyways cauz we started fiting a lot that is bad yea i got sick of it i know i did to when i was married was u married for a long time? 17 years dang u got kids? 2 boys but growen and gone so u r all alone? :( yep awww it is fine by me if i want to do something i just do it lol do they live close by? no lol wel lthen i guess u r just happy like u r then well don't take it wrong i wish i could see my son and grand kids more than i get to but he has to live his life his way yea i guess we cant make ppl do stuff we want them too true so you ever masterbate well i tried it a few times but i dont like it much really why not idk just dont feel rite doing that to myself did you ever have a orgasm i dont think i did but im not sure ok if you would have had a good 1 your legs would have got kind of limp and you would have been real relaxed well that didnt happen brb i see and may i ask what got you excited enought to try masterbateing ok srry my sis was yelling for me np older sister no she is 10 lol ok and to answer ur questions i guess it was when me and my old bf started going out ok so did you rub your clit or just rub in general hmm i think i just rubbed ok the next time try rubbing your clit more kk but i dont do it too much well if you ever have a orgasm you will do more lol yea i heard its rlly nice mmmmmmmmmmmm it is lol thats very kool do you notic your pussy getting wet well it did with my old bf ok but i was talking just when you think about things not usualy ok what you wareing now i got on my pjs yummy hehehehe and you in your bedroom lol your pj's got top and bottoms yea its a t and shorts oh lol like boxer shorts ok do you have any animals yea i got 2 dogs n a cat lol cool 3 cats and a dog here i luv all animals oh and have 2 horses they r so pretty getting ready to get some beef calves to awww so u have to kill them and eat them? well in time some of them i will what kind of dogs do you have that ould be hard i got a mixed and a long haired weinie lol u? ok i have a malamute wat kinda dog is that? sled dog or husky ahh that sounds kool yes they are but he is a ladys dog oh really? how so? he likes to sniff there pussy lmao well you know some ladys like it and it gets them excited for real? yes yucky now you are young and need to keep an open mind and be will to try new things lol well i dont think i would like a dog to do that to me i didn't say you would but if it happens you mit think about how it feels ahhh ok lol would u let a dog do that? i have lol and it does feel good lol u rlly let the dog do it? yep and so did my ex lol that is why when we divorced she took all my males i had omg for real? yes i had 3 big male malamutes than because i raised them and had 1 that pulled 1400lbs in sled pull so she took them? yep wow well i left her have them thinking we would get back together but i was a dumby well maybe she will give u one back lol not likely that was 10 years ago ahhh so u still do that with ur dog? he does now and than wow and he likes it? well he does it on his own kk but i still like it better when he goes after a lady hehehehehe and the looks on some of there faces when it first happens u talking about just sniffing? well there has been a few he licked while we was haveing sex and that drove them wild wow i didnt even know dogs would do that oh yes do you have a male dog yea big dog or little dog just a lil one ok normaly it is the bigger dogs that do it kk cauz i dont think mine would ever tryh it lol maybe if he was on bed with you and you nude lol i think i will pass ok lol :) are you alone now well my mom got home about 15 mins ago oh ok she ever come check and see who you talking to nah ok but i spose i better get off here cauz i got skool tomorrow so did talking about sex excite you any it was kool yes me to i have to be up at 4:30 is it ok to add u? yes ttyl and nite nite and sweetdreams hello care bear and how are you/ hi u wats up? not much but i did look at your profile and seen a pretty young lady awww ty yw so what did you do today nm just had skool :( now im babysitting oh for your sister yea sigh she a pain lol she can be for sure lol ok lol did u have a good day today? not to bad worked and mowed my hay tonight u like that kinda work huh? well i am sure my hourses will like me for it this winter wat r their names? lilly and dobby those r good names ty my dogs r buddy and jasmine and my cat is molly ok and my dog is dragon and cats are blacky, jerry and baby and kitten is fluff awwww did you have any good thoughts today well yea i always have good thoughts or at least i try to lol cool lol u? always lol awwww getting ready for ur camping trip? oh i have camp boxes that i keep everything in so all i have to do is load them and tent is allready up wow thats a good way to do it yes it saves a lot of time and keeps the weather and animals out of things lol u r a pre pared man!! try to be lol thats always good i guess i always put stuff off oh hehehehehe that mit be intersteing lol gets me in trouble sumtimes lol could if you was around me and not dressed lol lol uh huh i hear ya lol cool so what would you like to talk about well anything is kool with me u like movies n stuff? yes what movie do you like best i like all scary movies i like a lot of differant movise my fav is the hills have eyes watching mummy returns now ooh thats good one i luv brenden fraser yes he is good and hot don't think i have seen the hills have eyes lol makes you hot lol he is a hotty ok what about music i like all kinds except country ok and i don't like rap its ok but its not my fav or that classical stuff i like the oldies myself i like sum of them cool my dad used to listen to them a lot i see u like cars? no i like trucks ahh i like mustangeds they not bad but if i had to choice a car it would be a 69 mach1 thats a mustang? kinda kool so u got a truck? yes it is a 97 f350 power stroke 4x4 crew cab also a 99 explorer wow is the explorer a suv? yes but it a little toy compaired to my truck lol lol so u must like ur truck best yes and it has over 500 hourse and gets better mileage wow thats prtty kool then do u ride ur horses a lot? not yet still working on fence here so they over at a friends house ahh hopeing to finish fence this week u have to do that by urself? yep spent about 2000.00 so far and i still have 2 gates to make omg thats not fun i don't mind the work if it just wasn't so hot this year yea its been rlly hot so far i bet u got a good tan tho!! just my arms lol i ware a shirt most of time aww lol well better then nothing i hate haveing flys bother me when i am working and if i have some welding to do i have to have shirt on or i really get burned ooh flys r a pain i can tan in a few hours if i take shirt off i like tans well if we ever meet i will have a tan lol thats kool! my i ask whatpart of mi you are from. i am from indiana and live south of fort wayne im like an hr from lansing cool was up that way earlier this year wow wat was u doing? went to help a friend move back to indiana awww i see what city is north wast lansing west lol im thinkin i am awful at direction stuff lol ok u heard of kalamazoo? yes hold on k we r like 45 mins or so from there kk grand rapides we aint that far from there cool was some nice country up there i like it here so you are between lansing and grand rapids yea cool its not bad lol good seen a lot of places that would be nice to camp wel i wouldnt know about that lol i only know where the skate places are oh you roller skate no i skatebaord ok lol good last time i went roller skateing i landed on my ass lol i like it tho its fun that is what counts yea i luv having fun great i luv things that go fast and i hate ppl that r big sissies lol want to race my horses lol on your skate board lol kk deal ok i will rece you on street than we will do cross country lolhope you have a good board lol lol i do i do!! lol do u got any race cars? no i don't racing would be soooo fun do some mudden now and than ooh i luv mudden what do you do mudding in we went to my friends house n did it on a 4 wheeler oh well we use 4x4s u mean trucks? yep omg that would be kool! there is a place close by that has all sorts of races for trucks and bikes in mud that sounds fun is you got pj's on yet yea so what is bed time i spose i better be off here shortly since i got skool tomorrow wasn't trying to run you off nah i didnt think that ok i cant wait for the weekend your mom work 2nd shift well she teaches adult ed and she is usualy gone from round 3 to ten or so oh ok and what is going on this weekend im not surre yet but i wont have to get up early! oh lol i hate getting up early blech i am up early most of the time ewwwww but i have had years of doing it yea i just dont like getting up early and i hate going to bed early too lol ok and did you have any good dreams last night lol i dont remember nuthing lol ok i msut fell alseep and not moved all nite u? no i died lol lol well i spose i better get off here but will be on later tomorrow ok and maybe i will see you than kk nite for now sweet dreams and later hi hey u so you are hideing hehehehe lol howw did u know? oh and u r too! lol yes just got on and checked to see if you was here lol awww i feel special good because i enjoy talking to you i think u r fun to talk to too ty so y arent u out partying? and miss talking to you never awww there ya go again lol well we all like to feel speacel now and than yea and it dont happen often so what did you do today oh just skool and babysitting but me and my sis went to the movies cool and what did you see igor ok and was it good it was funny my lil sis loved it good u get ur fence all done? not yet had to go fix tire on baler awww bummer huh? is part of life lol so how big is ur farm? i farm around 75 acers omg thats huge! no that little lol it is? yes before divorce i was farming 200 acers dang! ur wife helped u? yes she did some well thats good but i hope to get bigger yet and 1 day maybe i can stay home and just farm so u work too? yes wow! don't know if you have any up there but i work as mill wright hmm i dont think i ever heard of that we build grain legs for farmers and mills wow sounds like a big job is at times our highest leg is 240ft. wow! what a leg does is it has a belt with buckets in it and takes the grain to top and dumps it into a distruber and the grain goes down differant pipes to bins or silos oh wow that sounds complicated too not really lol sounds like a big job! do you have any feed mills around you idk? guess i never rlly paid that much attn ok lol i will pay attn more cool lol so that is what we build and repair when they get a whole wore in them ahhh wat r they made of? steel pipe and sheet metal we cut them out and weld the parts together to make the size we need so u gotta work up high then yes at times i think that would be kool lol some days to cool lol lol i like being up high and going fast well but i really don't like to climb and work on them when it is down to zero oh well dont blame u for that lol good lol lol freeze ur butt off well have had days by time we got to top to patch leg was so cold could hardly move oh yuck but5 that was a really cold day i think wind chill was like 30 below dang! that sux! big time then u gotta farm too? well not much farming in winter thats good then u would never get a rest i am sorry my name is larry lol and im carrie nice to meet you carrie u too larry :) what did you do after movie well we just came home was sposed to go to dads but i didnt want to lol oh your dad and mom divorced yep ok he is a butt :)) lol ok i know im mean you know him i don't lol he wants to see only when its convenent anyhow if you would have went there than we wouldn't be chatting yea thats true his gf was there and i didnt wanna see her oh 1 of them type yup blech ok what else have you thought about today ohi always think of lots of stuff great and what was some of it hm guys my friends my dad my dogs and cat my sis how i am glad its the weekend lol lol ok and what was you thinking about sis just that i wish she would have gone to grams and i coulda been free tonite oh and how about cats lol that they r funny and i luv them yes they can be lol ok now dogs they r crazy! just that i luv them and glad i got them i see and i wish i had a bunch of them lol like a kennel yea lol ok wat did u think about today? what i had to get done before i go camping and if i was going to get to chat with you tonight awwwwww i was hping u would come on ty and i was hopeing you was here lol yea not a lot else to do lol true but is fun chatting with you i like chatting with u too ty so when r u going camping? want to go tomarrow night if i get every thing done ahh u will just camp one nite? yes hmm u gonna catch fish? i don't know mit just sit back and relax and have a couple of drinks and listen to the owls i would be chicken to go by myself nothing going to hurt me there lol well i spose u know it well huh? yes thats good u got a tent? yes and it is already up oh kool how far away is it from ur house? oh about 10 miles thats not bad no and i will drive truck up by tent kool i would sleep in the truck =)) it big enought to but tent has air mattress in it oh thats good then no bugs nope lol ewww i hate bugs lol makes me wanna gag well i don't like a lot of bugs but i don't gag over them lol they make me feel all itchy and stuff yes they can and wait till you get 1 in your pants hehehehe ewwww i would freak out! be a streker lol yep thats prolly wat would happen sorry had to tease you about it np lol just gives me da shivers and i would say come here i will warm you up lol and make the bug go away? oh yes even if i had to help you get pants off hehehehe lol u r funny and fun brb gtp we can't go throught life being mad and upset so mit as well enjoy what we can when we can brb me to much better yep lol lol plus i got sum tootsie rolls oh and what you doing with them lol eating them they r orange and cherry and vanilla ones ok lol mmmmm do you always eat when you chat lol sumtimes u? never lol that would be like eating crackers in bed lol u think so? sure get crums in y keyboard lol lol well i cant say that hasnt happened before to me lol lol just wait till you get keyboard all sticky and have to lick it off lol ha! lol and ewww lol have you thought any more about what i told you about dogs yea i think u was pulling my leg no i would never do that to a friend and if i am jokeing about something i would tell you when i got done stringing you along i just dont know how a dog would even wanna do that or y because they can smell when you are excited and it excites them dont think im dumb but i never heard of anything like that before never you just haven't been around long enought to learn these things lol well i guess its possible i mean that they would do that only boy dogs? well i will tell you this i don't know about little dogs but bigger dogs can lick your pussy 3 or 4 inches deep u mean they put their tongue in? mostly have heard of some female dogs doing licking to but guess they are not as avgressive yes i thought u just meant on the outside drives a lady wild when they do and they just do it did you also know a dog has less germs in there mouth than we do yes yea i did hear that not sure how it works but if you let a dog lick a cut it will heal faster to wow well i didnt know that it does work to hmmm so how does he know to do things to u? he can see when i am nude running around the house lol guess he just likes to since he has licked when i was fucking a lady lol so i got another dumb question k? well 2 rlly never dumb question but ask does it like mean u like guys too? lol no told u it was dumb and do u do stuff to him too? not really because i have had to think about that 1 myself lol lol yes i have jacked him off but than i belive that if someone does something for me i should retrun lol and he let u? yes wow lol srry i didnt mean to call u a liar earlier i was just surprised i guess and thought u was teasing me np i am surprised ur wife let himi do stuff lol well she enjoyed the feeling or she would have stopped him and i know she had some very hard orgasms with him wow just him? well i was there to and to be honest i enjoyed watching lol so how did u get him to stop? maybe it is because i love to hear and see a lady please the best she can be awwww she just got up when she could move again hehehehe lol well thats kool does it excite you a little talking about it well i dont get worked up by it but i was curious about it ok im surprised about it you know how your finger feels to yourself yea now think of how something hotter would feel :) your dogs ever lick your bare skin yea like my hand or foot or arm so you know there tongue feels hot to you yea thats true well it will feel hotter on and in your pussy well i guess that makes sense ok :) mom home yea shes in the other room tho ok shes talking to her dumb bf lol ok blech do you have pj's on yup boxer shorts lol yea of course lol ok so why don't you reach down and see if you are wet nuh uh hope that i didn't up set you asking you to do that nah it dont bug me im not like super prude or nuthing ok lol just dont like online stuff glad to hear that its weird touchin myself now but once you learn how good a orgasm is you will enjoy lol yea i spose thats true guess i got lots to learn yes and is fine to learn in your own time lol :) u r kool see i know some ladys get excited but didn't know the feeling till they checked young ladys lol well i know when i get worked up lol i can tell ok lol u mean they rlly couldnt tell? well you know there are differant stages of getting excited like wat? well you mit just get a little wet till it either gets more or just goes away hmmm that is like a guy he mit just get a little hard till he either thinks about or something happens to make it really hard well its always easy to tell with guys too lol i have had times to that i didn't even know i was horny but i would have a really hard on rlly? yes it just got hard like it had its own mind omg lol that would be embarssing cauz u couldnt hide it lol so if she was don't that to me than she needed to know lol lol well that makes sense i can usualy tell tho prtty good my ex was that way she would get wet and not even realize it at frist wow i am surprised she didnt know! it is just the way things happen and that is all i know hmmmm well that would kinda be apain tho think that is just mother natures way about some things well thats true too i could always tell when my old bf got excited lol i am sure lol yea its not easy to hide in guys lol true :) did he ever eat you yea :"> cool and did he get you to have orgasm i think so? well if you had 1 you would know the feeling so u dont think i did? if you didn't shake and have a weak feeling afterwards than no i don't think you did :( well that sux sorry to tell you that lol its ok i can say the ladys i have talked to about dogs rate dogs like 9 for giveing them orgasm and guys a 3 or 4 for oral orgasms omg for real? yes wow i know i love oral and when i do a lady right i have to hold her to keep her from jumping up and down to much when she has orgasm omg i never knew it was like that oh yes im dumb :(( some times they just try to push tongue in deeper and others like a horse bucking wow no you not and stop saying that you just need time to learn lol well a lot of my friends know about this stuf lol and i bet a lot say they do and have never did it well i never thought about that i learned in school that the 1's that say they did so much never did a thing and the quiet 1's you better be looking out because they knew just never told lol well maybe they dont know as much as i think then lol true hmm i know you never know who to trust and is hard to learn but if you try what some one tells you and it works out to be true than you know who is telling you the truth well that is very true i like u cauz u dont seem like u r just saying stuff and u dont treat me like a kid that is 1 reason i tell you that you need to keep a open mind to trying new things well i will i just dont like doing things to myself it just dont seem rite well you are not a kid you are a young lady and need treated that way im open to trying things or i do try to be open lol just not sum things as long as something is not hurting you or someone else than i don't see a problem with it yea thats very true i agree ty u r rlly easy to talk to do u got daughters? i try to be and also be stright forwards so there is no mistake in what i say no i bet u r a god dad lol some say yes and some say no lol well i like that u r easy to talk to i could never talk to my dad about stuff like this sorry to hear that its ok just remember to take care that you don't get pregnet because some guys will tell you anything to get what they want yea i dont want a baby it woudl rlly suck true lol i mean i like kids but i wouldnt want one unless i was totally ready well wait till you like 20 or 21 at least and that is just a sugestion lol im waiting longer then that i want to be like around 25 or 26 cool that was about my sons age when him and his gf decided to have a baby yea i figure i got a bunch of stuff i wanna do first glad to see you are thinking :) well i spose i better get my butt off here all ready hehehehehe lol u must be getting sick of talking to me no not even close awww u r so sweet see thats y i like u but i will say good night and sweetdreams kk gnite larry have fun camping i will later hello carrie hi hey! wat r u up to? relaxing and hopeing you mit be on lol u wasnt showing i know didn't want to talk to anyone else ahhh well i feel special :) did u have fun camping? didn't get to go had to go get a storm door and replace it oh no! h well can always try for this weekend well that will be kool then so how was your weekend it was ok went to my dads last nite oh and how did it go it was ok i cant stand his gf why idk she is a bitch lol ok and i thought maybe you was going to say she was bi and wanted you hehehehe haha!! i sumhow dont think shes bi lol lol i think she wants my dad to marry her oh hope he sees how you feel about her idk i told him i dont like her he got mad lol ok oh well what did you do saturday night just hung out n chatted didnt go anywhere besides his house guess i should have got on but by the time i got back from looking for door i was beat i see awww im srry ty so u got it all done? just about ended up had to rebuild the whole door fram for it dang musta been a bad storm just wind but couldn't find a door like they had on before so had to change it all bummer huh? yep then u had to go to work oh yes lol i thought about u ty i figured u was laying out by the river i wish awwww would have been much more relaxing yea i bet it woulda so what else have you thought about oh idk guys lol oh lol i always think about guys hmmm any of them excite you well i always like to look at them lol to see if they looking at you well and i like muscles ok thats alwys nice to check out i like guys that r guys ya know? not all sissified lol the muscle between there legs lol ha! lol gasp! me check that out? sorry couldn't resist saying that lol its kool bet they check you out real hard when you ware a short skirt lol well idk i hope i would look good in one i bet you look great in one my mom wont let me wear them real real short but she lets me wear sum cool well i love to see ladys in short skirts oh yea? did ur wife wear them? yes so how come u divorced her? she divorced me :( u didnt wanna? nope awwww but than i wasn't going to try to do what all her bf's thought i should do since they just agreed with her to get in her pants wat did all her bfs think she should do? oh they thought i should let her do what ever she wanted and spend all the money we made well thats not rite i know she would have bank rumped me if i let her dang wat does she do for money now? dumb yahoo keeps bootin me oh ok so how tall are you im 5 2 cool and weight 104 lol i was close i was thinking 95 t0 100 i am sure you would look great in ashort skirt lol awww ty my pleasure i like to wear jeans mostly tho cauz they r comfy that is cool shorts r comfy too like me there are times i just like to go comfortable than times i like to dress up some and times i like to get a little wild and have lady ware short skirt so i can play while driveing or where ever i feel like it lol u rlly do it when driving? sure nothing wrong with my hand on her legs and rubbing her thigh and getting her all horny lol y dont u have a gf now? i know but i have had a few lol lol buy y dont u have a gf now? no y not? just haven't looked real hard i know a couple that want to be but think they would be a real pain to live with ha! lol so u r just dating around? yep me too well if we was closer i could teach you a few things oh yea? oh yes like? that is if you left me :d frist i would take you shopping for a outfit with a short skirt or dress i luv to shop! well i love to help a lady shop lol like that movie? what movie pretty woman? lol i wish he had all the money he needed but i have to pick a little cheeper lol lol but still get nice clothes :) i would also show you what a true orgasm is like so you knew wow thats prtty kool than if we had the chance take you camping ooh i would luv that i didnt htink u liked me that way what way is that like do that stuff with me :) why not we have fun chatting and i couldn't think we would have fun doing other things that you haven't got to do yet thats very kool i like u and think u r fun to talk to ty so are you ty you say you haven't fished any just one time ok and have you ever played pool or bowled i played pool before but not bowled ok and how about cards yea we played cards ok what did you play rummy and go fish lol dumb games lol ok i play poker and ucher lol i know poker but i never heard of ucher oh it is a good game all i ever played is rummy and go fish ok and if we was closer i could let you ride the horses oh man i would luv that!! i never got to ride one before see there are a lot of things i could help you learn and if the right time teach you to drive tractor that sounds like a lot of fun i enjoy it could even teach you to drive truck ooh now i would die for that lol hope not be hard to explane lol lol nah i learn stuff fast good we woudl have lots of fun i think so and we would keep busy thats kool i dont get to do much at all since they got divorced sorry to hear that do they fight over what you should do no i think they just like me to stay outta their way that sucks yea but its kool too guess they leave you alone that way lol im bad not really you just trying to make the best of the possion they put you in yea i kinda got used to it mom has you for built in baby sitter yep it gets old i luv myu sis but dang i am sure of that because you need your time to yup i like when my mom goes gambling cauz she stays all nite and my sis goes to grams lol where do you go i get to stay home well that mit be a time we could meet some time and go have some fun for real? yes wow that would be kool! does she give you advanced notice when she is going gambin yea she goes about every month ok than i guess you just have to tell me when and we will see if it will work out lol now im excited glad you like the idea it sounds awesum rlly kool ok :d u dont have to take me shoppin tho :) lol we will see the other stuff would we awesum tho ok :) why don't you look around and see where they have camp grounds for tents kk i will! :) wow it will be my first time camping lol and a cool 1 this time of year and that is good? yep no bugs lol yay! so i wont hafta worry about bugs then true shudders lol i better get my butt off ehre i will be on tomorrow ok and take care and sweetdreams u too and im excited!! ntie later nite i mean lol nite hello carrie and how are you hey u sorry it so late but i wanted to finish door and since i was late getting home that put me behind np i didnt even know if u would be on well you should have figtured i would be since you told me you would be on tonight lol u r too sweet so did you have a good day yea it was ok my pleasure hehehehe good lol so its all done? well it latches but i need to cut strike plate out so the lock will work wow big job huh? yes and no just had to keep putting it together and takeing apart till i got it all lined up good ewww the old door frame wasn't stright so u had to build a new one? in a way dang u must be rlly smart so what did you do fun today just had skool and watchin my sis no lol if i was i would have got it the frist time lol lol well u seem smart to me ty but i try to do a job right so it lasts well thats good when you spend 300.00 for a storm door you don't want it blowing open or leaking a lot of air omg thats a lot of money! yes but it is a good heavy storm door and has a 25 year warenty well thats good then what would you like to chat about well anything is kool with me me to lol hmm did u have a good day at work? not really had to lay on stomch and craw between a mixer and roof to work on it ewwwww yes i was glad to get it done do u like ur work a lot? most of the time but like any job you have to do things you don't like to do to kinda like life take the good with the bad yea i guess thats true so was u rlly serious about campong and stuff? yes if you want to i think it would sooo much fun ok and when will mom go gambleing again i asked her today lol oh lol and what did she say she said she was plannin on it the weekend of the 17th ok i will try to be ready just hope crops come off before than oh i hope so too!! will take about 1/2 hour to set tent up kk thats kool so when does she normaly leave like around noon on friday ok and when does she get back depends on how much she wins lol but usualy she stays til sunday afternoon ok well if i am not doing crops i will come up friday afternoon :d what time do you get out of school like 2:40 ok you say you north of lanceing yea how far north like an hr? so be about a 4 hour drive for me :( im srry lol np do u mind drivin? no shew good thing i will run that non stop :) im excited cool so how come u r so nice to me? brb i am nice to all my friends and i know what you are going throught and i don't think it is fair ok back wb had to pee lol we all do now and than lol lol so what would you like to do frist well anything is kool with me prtty much u r the guy lol well since it will be afternoon think we should set tent up and than we can go bowling or fishing if there is a place to go that sounds fun!! ok and since we camping i will fix the food so what do you like to eat hmm i like most everything u got anything special u make? oh lots of things i like burgers and hotdogs a lot and pizza of course lol ok that will take some doing but it can be made over fire pizza can? yep omg lol have you ever had brocks i dont think so ok i will bring some of them they are made with susage ooh that sounds good what kind of veggy do you like hmm i like celery and onions lol green beans carrots no asparagas or broccoli ewww lol i like all you have said so far lol lol this is gonna be so kool how about pork and beans that sounds good ok will have that with dogs than that sounds very good what do you eat for breakfast i luv breakfast lol so anyting is kool eggs bacon sausage taters cereal anything susage gravy and fried taters mmmmm lol ok can make pancakes to wow that sounds good looks like i will just bring frig. lol ha! good idea i hope u like me when u see me are you a big eater well not real big ok do you like pop corn yup ok and how about samores yea! i see you hard to please lol this is exicting you will need to pack some warm clothes for at night and early morning kk i will bring my hoodies n stuff ok and my long johns lol i will bring a air mattress and sleeping bag for you awww u r sweet heck i forgot i dont have an mattress and tent heater incase it gets real cold ooh thats good!! what do you like to drink mikes hard lemonade :d ok lol u wouldnt get that for me cauz its alcohol lol i was going to ask you that but you know if it is in cooler and you pour in glass how am i to know what you drinking :d i like how u think just don't drink to many of them yea i dont wanna throw up or nuthing do you have a fishing pole no :( ok i will bring 1 for you awww well had to fish with out pole lol how? sorry hard to fish oohhh lol fingers not listening to brain again lol i know wat u mean cool well i think we will have lots of fun well you think about what you would like to do while i am up there i hope to kk is there some place close to you that is public for us to meet yea but its ok if u come here cauz noone bugs me it is not that i just wanted to meet you in public for a little bit so we could chat and than see if you still want to go ahhh ok lol well we can jsut stay here and chat if u dont like me or i dont like u then i will tell u or u tell me? i know i am not going to have a problem with you and i hope you don't with me just want to keep it open and let you decide kk i dont think i would with u either u r just rlly nice and i like u ty now what will people next door say about me being there ahh that is wat worries u they dont bug us much mom hates them and never messes with them ok look to haveing fun not a lot of headachs nah noone will bug us and they work during the day so noone will rlly even be around ok :d maybe you will want to go camping more once you have did it i know i would especialy if i get to do all that stuff well you better start checking for a place to camp lol lol oh yea!! i need to do that! check phone book for places close by kk i will do that tomorrow afternoon ok well i better let you go so you can get some sleep oh crap its after 11 lol i didnt eevn check :) lol yep i will tty soon and nite nite and sweetdreams hi carrie hi larry!! how was your day it was long! oh and why is that oh skool was so boring my best friend skipped and i felt all lonely and it was so long lol i see so did you look up any camping places no i didnt yet well i did oh yea? lol im so lame is allendale close to you why do you say you are lame yea its real close cauz i shoulda looked them up ok there is a river pines campground there open all year around ooohhh!!!! is ok i hope its still kinda warm then me to but than i camp in the winter to at times well i will pack hoodies n stuff so i will keep warm good :d well i will call them tomarrow and get things going for the 17 yay!!!] this is gonna be so fun yes it will i am going to tell you something and hope it don't up set you ok the reason i wanted to meet in public is i know there are times guys are set up to pick up young ladys and i want to have a good time up there and not end up in jail :( i would never do that to u i can look to find a place tyo meet if u want i hope not and i am sure you have heard about things like that happening yea i saw this show one time but i wouldnt do that but i will figure out sumplace public if u want ok but i thought i should tell you and be honest about it its kool and i dont blame u we will see when it gets closer ok i understand but i would never try to get u in jail ty for being so understanding nah i get it ok now on to planning hehehe lol so can you tell me about how far it is from you to allendale oh its like 15 20- mins ok sounds like it mit be best place to start kool i think i have everything we need for camping and food and drink u want me to bring anything? just what ever you need personal kk i am sure there will be some tings we will have to get while there lol but that is camping does your mom ever call you when you home alone kk well i fell like i shoudl bring sumthing yea but i got a cell she calls if you want to bring something you can ok wat sounds good? chips? lol lol what do you like anything rlly that is fine if you want kk i will get sum snacky stuff ok i gotta ask a question ok u aint bringing ur dog r ya? no lol lol kk just checkin lol :d any other questions lol nah just wondered ok lol ima dork never awwwww i will bring a radio to oh kool cards we gonna dance around the campfire? hmmm maybe hehehe do you slow dance lol well i have sum idk how good i am tho well than i am sure we mit kool that is ok i am sure i am rusty at it kk think we the camping all planed so what do you want to do saturday than well anything is kool with me ok we will play it by ear than kk i am looking forward to fishing for srue ok i will make sure i check and see if you need a license oh didnt even think about that ok lol well i can pay for that do you drink coffee or hot chocolate hot chocolate lol ok thought you mit i like anything chocolate ok lol i will be sure and bring us sum candy bars ok im gonna be a fat butt if i dont quit it u will have to roll me outta there i don't think so lol lol you mit need all that energy lol yea im not used to doing all that stuff i am sure there will be walking to go fishing well i am a skateboarder so i do got sum energy good maybe you have to carry this old fart lol lol kk i will give u a piggyback lol right on skateboard lol lol i can see it now lol hope not it not be a pretty picture lol lol u r funny is best way to be and enjoy life for sure what did you do when you got home from school today i was thinking about how much fun we will have cool wat about u? was thinking about where to camp and also had to change oil in both trucks and than worked on makeing gate for horses lol so u had a busy day some what and like you i am excited about comeing up there to camp and meet you never camped or fished in mich. before very kool lol im smilin so am i very kool i did find out i cann't bring any ash wood for fire y not? but than i don't have any ash lol just oak and maple because of the bug that is in ash oh i figured u meant u cant bring any wood at all no just ash kk i guess that makes sense do you have any boots yea i do mit want to take them in case it rains or where we go fishing lol i will bring them lol i thought ua sked me sumthing else for a min kk i will and what did you think i ask i thought u asked if i had any boobs lmao lol hope you do lol lol yup i do how about rain coator poncho yea i gotta raincoat ok think you are set lol oh and some extra socks and clothes kk lol your list is getting bigger lol lol will take me a while to pack huh/ maybe but better to be prepaired than to be wet and cold well thats true too but i am sure we could hang clothes and undies out by fire to dry lol lol has your mom asked you why you in a good mood lately lol heck i hardly see her oh ok i was worried about askin her when she goes gambling tho lol i am sure of that but i just worked it in great lol i am so sneaky sumtimes i will remember that but i can be to lol so if you dish it out you mit get it back lol lol oh yea? that sounds like a challenge lol so if you catch any fish you takeing them home i will give them to u lol and i will set them free see i fish for fun and sport thats kool with me ok i wouldnt wanna hurt em actually lol try not to myself is the challang do u eat them ever? i have if they are really nice ones i keep thinking about all the things u r gonna teach me why you want to fix one over the fire hmmm idk lol i mite feel bad lol ok don't want that lol yea i am a big animal lover what do you want to talk about now anything is fine with me :) i just hink u r kool you pick this time wat is the most embarassing thing u ever did hmm not sure never thought about it don't remember anything that ever really embarassed me oh wow rlly? how bout the funniest thing u ever did? well now less see i throw mud all over friends 1 time when we was out mudding lol that would be funny yes they all had mud strikes all over them haha!! were they mad? no it was a 4 of july and we was out mudding and after i did that we all went swimming that sounds fun! you know just parteing yea partying lol fun times yep arrgh my sis is bugging the crap outta me oh and what is she wanting mom aint home yet and she keeps thinking sumthing happened cauz moms usualy here by now but she told me she was gonna stop at the store after work and i told her that oh ok what you going to do if mo decides to leave sister with you on the 17 she knows i wont watch her the whole weekend she tried one time and i said no oh ok its my fun time!! :)) cool lol told u im bad na lol its nice tho wat was u like when u were my age? guess there was 1 time when younger my cousins and brother were camping and we played strip poker and the losers had to run down the road a 1/4 mile omg!!! lol did u lose? and you know on the way back there had to be a car come down the road i was 1 of them lol lol of course ha!! that would have been so funny and that was about your age lol lol wow was there girls there? no lol i wish hehehehe lol thats funny did u drink n stuff when u were my age? when i got the chance was ur parents strict? oh yes how many bros and sis did u have? 3 sisters and 2 brothers wow thats a lot! yes bet it was fun tho no we was always fighting awwww do u still fite with them? no well thats kool then i would have liked to have an older bro or sis yes but if you did we wouldn't be going camping lol thats true what was you going to say lol idk i spose i better get off here and thump my sis one lol im gonna call mom and have her talk to her so she knows shes ok lol ok is late ok i wont rlly th ump her :) kk i will ttyl and nite :) right lol lol ok and sweetdreams nite nite larry hi carrie and how are you hi u im doin just peachy u? doing ok well i have a place reserved for camping yay!!! and i am going to get off work at 11:30 on the 17 wooohooo!!! lol so i shoulkd be up there around 3:00pm thats awesum ty lol im still real excited about it good i am to good it is 24 dollars a night to camp up there is that high? i think so but than i haven't paid for a camp site in over 10 years ahh u want me to throw in sum money? no i was just telling you so you know u sure cauz i got sum babysitting money i am sure you keep your money well mom leaves me sum too ok i will bring it just in case that is fine kk and i can help with stuff just in cae case if you want to kk :) do you like blt's heck yea lol ok i eat just about anything\ good hehehehe lol im surprised i aint fat well maybe you are running it off yea that could be u got any more pics? no :( y not? lol i gotta bunch u dont have a digi? well when i got this computer it was to be able to run everything i had but it will not run a darn thing lol that sux i know all the flopy's i had pictures on and my scaner will not work dang i wouild like to see sum more well you can get some when i am up there oh kool so are you getting your list ready so you don't forget anything heck yea cool and i bet u r all ready nope just getting ready and did go get tent took down and packed tonight lol u r so organized i try to be when i plan a camping trip good thing u r :) ty i spose if i like camping i will have to learn to be too well it is better than trying to come up with something else when you find you forgot somethinglol lol yep thats truye what did you do tonight just babysat homework ewwwww lol ate and played with the dogs what kind of grades do you get i get a s and b s a and b great lol yea i wanna be a nurse sumday so i try to keep them up a smart young lady than i try to be but im not always haha good i mit need a nurse some day lol lol well we all have our dumb moments lol yea true lol i fell up the stairs today at skool i felt so dumb lol you fell up the stairs lol how did you do that idk but i felt stupid and i had on a skirt mmmmmmm wish i was behind you hehehe than i could have caught you lol hope you didn't get hurt nah didnt get hurt i had about 5 ppl see me do it tho lol ok of course they laughed lol hope they was lol with you yea i laughed too ok so did mom get home ok yea i let my sis talk to her and she finally shut up and i didnt thump her lol good lol she brought home choc ice cream so it was worth the wait :)) ok lol i luv c hocolate yes i know lol :d i know im rotten but its fun always lol lol was u rotten when u were 14? oh yes lol lol i bet u were!!! ty ty lol lol its fun tho!!! fun is good oh yes so you in pj's yea and a fuzzy robe haha!! think i will take my fuzzy robe camping cool good idea its so warm you bringing pj's should i? or s hould i sleep in sweats or sumthing? to be honest i sleep in underware so i don't freeze in the morning lol rlly? u dont get cold? no but when you sleep i clothes you ware they get damp and than you are cool allday ahh i didnt know that i learned that in the service hmmm most people think i am crazy till they try it and find it works lol so should i bring boxers n t? maybe kk thats kool as long as i dont freeze if you get cold you can alway put something on true i am gonna bring a cople of blankets lol ok lol im a wuss i admit it i am sure you will stay warm kool i would feel bad if you got cold lol it wouldnt be ur fault yes if i don't keep you warm when camping nah it woudl be my own for not bringing enough blankets lol i am bringing 3 sleeping bags thats kool we should be fine then yes i think so and we will have a fire rite? yes kk that sounds good if i get cold i will go sit by it for a lil bit you could come over by me oh yea? :d is that a problem no not at all lol ok unless it bugs u lol not me lol kool so u r prtty warm? most of the time kool i am sumtimes but i get cold too easy well i will do my best to keep you warm awww u r so nice and im such a wussy lol maybe we can change that hehehehe lol oh yea? lol you never know so u gonna make me tuff? well the camping mit lol lol u r fun so are you im glad u think so that goes both ways awwww this is gonna be awesum yes it will be wat is ur most favorite thing to do when u r camping? cards and have drinks and cook i thought u mite say fishing oohhh so u drink when u r camping? i do that to but not all day lol oh yes but never get drunk thats prtty kool ty lol soo those mikes hard lemonade mite be outta the question then huh? :d no they on list along with some other stuff lol this is sooo kool hope you like i know i will cool this will prolly be the most fun i will have ina long time that would make me feel good than me too haha lol only thing i ask is if you have 1 dureing the day you tell me kk i can do that but i will prolly wait til nite wat do u drink? cool winecoolers and sc and coke and some times mx in some hot damn sc? hot damn? southern comfort and hot damn has a cinimma taste wow u should lemme try it lol np for real? yes yay!!! it will keep you warm at night hehehehe lol sounds good to me!! it is but don't try to drink to much or it mit kick your butt lol lol uh oh dont want that no we don't then i wont be able to do anything the next day oh i don't know about that lol cool picture aww ty i needed a change ok and change all you want lol lol kk i will remember to do that ok i still think u need more pics tho do you have a digatle camra my mom does oh that is allright lol lol i use hers u just delete the pics yes but my luck there would be a picture that wouldn't be deleted and than where would we be kk lol i understand wussy butt :)) lol yep im j/k i hope u know that yes shew well is that time again uh huh tryin to get rid of me i hate going to bed early and getting up early ewww yucky no it is that i get up at 4:30 lol i understand :) at least tomorrow is fri yes and than only 2 weeks yay!!! :) i will ttyl and have a good sleep you to and have good dreams nite carrie nite larry hello carrie and how are you tonight hi u!! im good and u? good here to did u have a good day? yes i did well thats good u goin camping this weekend? did you no lol going to get some work done here so i am ready to come there to camp ahhh kool do you think i am teaseing you about comeing there no u arent r u? thats good because i am not shew had me worried for amin sorry lol lol so what have you been doing since you got home lol eating and chatting and watch sis lol ok when are you going to start packing prolly not til a few days before the 17th or the day of it cauz i dont want mom to notice oh ok lol good idea don't want her to think you going to have a party or run away lol she mit change her plans got booted want a kiss where it hurts hehehehe lol sure :-* awww ty best i can do at the moment lol well it made it all better good :) have you checked out the campground yet no i havent you should so you can see there rules and what they have to offer kk i will have to figure out how to get here there and where it is n stuff lol just type in river pines at allendale kk i vill do that fine sir! has a web site kk sounds good ok :d so have you thought of anything else you want to do well im looking forward to all the stuff we talked about lol and drinking a lil bit ok and guess we will do what ever we feel like at the moment that sounds good ok anything else u wanna do? will see lol never know what mit look fun to do till you see it lol well thats true too what is the weather like up there now its a lil bit cool but not bad in the 40's here at night right now but warming up next week maybe we wont even need a fire lol i want to eat lol lol ahhh so we need one yep and need my coffee in the morning ewww coffee? lol :d i know i know im boring so i will make susage gravy and fried pototas 1 morning and the next we will have blt's mmmm sounds yummy cool and you not boreing lol well i could have a shot of sc and u could have coffee =)) what you have planed for tomarrow mit lol mite go to a movie with my friend what you going to see idk for sure theres a few i would like to see igor is one lol ok lol it looks cute here it is funny yea i wanna see it so maybe that depends on wat amanda wnats to see ok wat r u doin/ you told her that you are going camping nooooo i aint told noone lol ok u told anyone? no kk just checking tomarrow i am getting new tire on baler and rakeing hay and working on fence i hope np geez u get days off to work huh? farming time lol lol guess i just enjoy farming and being in the country awww thats nice don't you get bored in town and haveing everyone watch to see what you are doing yep it sux hehehe see if i am outside and want to take a piss i can just do it lol did you leave srry i got booted bigtime oh plz dont be gone :-* :-* so you in pj's now lol yea white boxers lol lol u or me? or checked u they r purple ones oh my eyes lol lol they will blind u!! na i like colors of blue kool me too so when you going to tell me what town you live in lol lol well u prtty much guessed you live in allendale i am about 20 mins away from it ok and i can wait lol but hope you give me more before i leave to come up there lol i will for sure good cauz i like u so much lol ty and i like you :) oh they have quiet time from 10 pm till 8 am who? :"> the campgrounds they do? yep u mean we do anything/. lol they mean no partys after 10 aww bummer but i am sure we can sit by fire and talk and still have fun just have to be a little quieter kk well that will be good it will just be us so we prolly wont be kickin up our heels lol see i have checked it out some lol yea oh you never know lol you know you can rent canoes there oh yea? yes that would be fun if we got time well like i said we can do whatever we want that is the best part maybe get canoe to go fishing ooh kool!! we still have saturday night to party hehehe yay!! thats gonna be so fun!! i am sure you figtured out what you going to ware yea prolly jeans and sweatshirts and ts most of the weekend ok and i got my boots al picked out cool i will bring my micky's lol mickys? lol they are a cold weather boot but very comfortable because they have air around your foot oh kool what are your boots like they r like hiking boots good they r sketchers lol lol ok lol they r sooo cute like you awwwww 8-> they r tan and pink :)) cool im such a girl if you get your long johns out will your mom ask you about them lol i dont got any looks like it to me hehehehe oh ok but i got sweats!!! cool sounds like you have it all together i think so great :d what type of places do you like to eat at hmmm mcdonalds wendys taco bell pizza hut lol ok and have you ever ate at texas roadhouse nopoe ok but than i am not sure what they have up there well i will eat most anything lol you say you like onions yea i do lol have you ever had a blooming onion yea!! t hey r yummy!! ok and yes they are mmmmm where do u get them? i make my own or texas roadhouse oh dang u r quite a cook huh? i can cook about anything i want boy i guess so guess u can teach me huh? i could teached my sons to cook thats prtty kool don't your mom teach you to cook nah she dont cook much lol oh that is to bad its ok i will learn well i will teach you all i can when i am up there thats awesum you like chille yep and i can make it!! ok lol how about ham and beans the green bean kinds? no the soup kind ohh yea navy beans those r good yes and cornbread lol oh yes :d then we will be gassy all nite =)) never lol lol im so bad put a little bakeing soda in and that is not a problem oh rlly? yep kool do you sew any nope lol lol ok i tell ya im boring!!! no you are fine u got all these exciting things u did before like fine wine lol u r too sweet not really next to you i am the thorn and you the rose lol oh u think so huh? u mite not think so after u meet me lol you think we shoud talk to the phone one day would be fun kool i will have to wait til my sis and moms not here tho maybe next week? ok and i will ues work cell phone so it don't cost kk i got a phone card too lol well my don't take a card or anything kk :) what type of ceel do you have i got verizon cell cool than it free kk but i would have to have u call on my regular phone or usmthing cauz my mom looks at my calls on the bill ok its a pain being 14 always gotta do wat sumone else tells u to does she have caller id yea than she will want to know who called :( find a pay phone and get me the number and i will call you there kk brb pot brake lol kk me too bk me too wb ty u too you do know when we talk on phone or even when we frist meet we will feel knida backwards lol y? i don't know thats just the way it seems to be lol u ever met anyone online/ a couple oh kool wat was it like? the frist time it was bad lol y? she had sent me a picture that was 10 years old and lied about her age omg! was she icky? not really but i had a problem with being lied to yea i can understand that dang 10 yrs old pic? yes thats actualy dumb cauz if u meet each other u r gonna know wat each other looks like yes that is true and it wasn't looks that got me just starting out with a lie wat about the other ones? we dated a while but she wanted someone with kids that were young so she would have someone when she was older dang lol did she do the dog thing/ no but that was how we ment wat do u mean? i had sent her so pictures and she wanted to see more ahhh u mean of ur dog? so we meet and i showed her where to go on net no of other ladys doing dogs lol kk lol i had to ask i didn't have this dog at that time it was right after divorce and i just had a female than ahh kk lol yes you asked well i was curious np wat about the other girls u met? some have and some haven't rlly? yes i have never tried to force a lady to do it or get them drunk to try and never will thats kool i dont think u r bad or anything i was just curious about it that is fine cauz thats how i am :)) good you need to be curious about thing so it get you intersted in trying them kk have you been thinking about it yea sorta ok and that is cool rlly? yes kool have you been getting excited any well just curious i guess ok :) u ever met anyone my age? what you thinking about now just wondering if u did if they let it do that if i did what if u met anyone my age if they did that with the dog i have talked to a few but they never did that? yes they did with ur dog? i never met them talked on here and i tiold them how to do it with there dog and they did it? they say they did for real? yes wow that surprises you yea lol ok a lot really and why is that idk ok i never even knew that dogs rlly did that lol well if you had a bigger dog than he mit have tried sniffing you a long time ago and got you intersted so wat did they say about it? they loved the orgasm they had they had an orgasm with it? yes what you thinking im just surprised how come u never had one meet ur dog? most were to far away and like i said you are the frist young lady i ever decided to meet wow so did they keep doing it? the 1's i talk to now and than say they are still active with them wow a couple say they do it 2 or 3 times aweek lol well i guess if they like it true :) you know the next 2 weeks are going to go slow lol i agree lol but like everything take it a day at a timeand keep busy yea i guess so well for me it helps time to pass if i am busy seems like all i got to do is babysit lol i am sure you ever notic we talk and it seems like it has just been a little while and the next thing we know it has been 2 or 3 hours yea :) i like u hope it slows up when we meet me too i cant wait to meet u me to lol i cant believe r actually gonna meet!! why idk cauz i didnt think u woudl wanna to be honest i never thought about it till after we talked a while :) im glad u did cool and i am to now :d sis in bed yea you say mom is home to she is now shes talking to sweety pie you lol her bf oh ok man i cant wait til they r gone they leaveing no i mean when they gambling they will prolly go sumwhere tomorrow oh ok yea i luv when they go why is that cauz i get the house to myself ok you run around nude in my undies lol me to rlly? yes always frist thing to go when i get in house well i do when noone is home its kool i don't blame you lol but i dont get to do it much why cauz sumones usually here like sis yep wich is usually who is here unless she goes to grams or dads well she is girl so it shouldn't bother her if you run around in undies yea but i just dont i guess ok lol lol i will let you run around tent that way if you want hehehehe rlly? sure lol kool r u gonna? when i get in tent for evening i will thats kool hate sitting around in clothes lol i know me too but it mite embarass u if i only wore undies? lol no you wouldn't lol i will wear a t too if its not freezin!! that is why i will have heater in tent thats kool lol :d fine lol hopeing we have a nice weekend i like u u r so kool how come i feel so comfy with u? i don't know maybe it is because i don't try to change you that could be i feel like i could tell u anything and u would never tell anyone i don't i would never tell anyone either just like a dog he never tells lol yea i bet he dont you ever talk to your's yea all the time they ever tell on you nope not ever lol good i got another question about dogs ok how come they dont try to like do other things with the lady? they will if the lady lets them did ur ex let them? yes wow it was cool to watch and hear and join in how did u join in tho? played with her while he did her and rub her clit did she like it? oh yes but didnt they get stuck together? couldnt she get pregnant? no a lady can't get pregnet from a dog and yes they can get stuck at times but that is only till he is done cumming does it hurt her or him? it mit hurt the lady a little at frist but they say it a good hurt and no it never hurts the dog wow this is dumb but .... was she on her knees or back lol hands and knees kk so how was u able to do stuff? you can do on back but you need to put a pillow under your butt to hold you up higher for him lay under her and kiss and suck tits and reach back and rub clit ahhh so u can watch it oh yes and she was kool with u watching? of corse kool some times i would tell her what i was seeing wow u think all ladies that let them lick do that too most do in time hmmm srry for all the questions lol np because i don't mind kk just curious great lol getting you excited im not sure sorry and hope you don't mind me asking no it dont bug me at all good you know i think part of why we get along is we are honest with eachother me too i rlly dont mind anything u ask and i figure i can say anything to u too true i will always answer you with the truth to kool lol did u ever let the dog do it to u? yes i have did it hurt? a little at frist did u get stuck? no did u do it back to him? no i did her than after he did it to her? yes but did her after he did me u mean he did it twice in a row they can do it 3 or 4 times in a row if you let them wow i didnt know that they can do it around 6 to 8 times aday to omg! lol no that is mmmmmmmmmmmm lol lol so u do it lots then? not as much as i did how come? miss haveing a lady with me awwwwww see i love seeing and hearing a lady being pleased to the max that is rlly sweet to be that way to me that is what it is about the pleasure you can give that is really nice to be that way my old bf was always worried about himself well he should have worried about you frist than himself nah it as always about him well he ass hole yea im glad we broke up me to lol :) what are you thinking oh lots of things how about u? just listening to you and hopeing you are enjoying our chat i am i always enjoy talking with u u make me curious about things lol you ever had anyone run there fingers real litely over your body not rlly i will do that for you u will? :) yes i think that would be so nice cool :) ever had lotion rub all over no :( bring your lotion ooh kk i will!! good lol now im smilin maybe i can wake some of your feelings up oh yea? like how? lol told u im curious see what makes you feel really good hmm :d you know some touches feel good and than some feel great yea that is true umm i think lol lol ok lol well the only guy i ever had touch me rlly was my old bf ok so i can guess how that went lol yea sumtimes it was nice but sumtimes not so nice guess i will have to see if i am as good as i use to be lol rlly? been a while since i give messages and lotioned a lady :) massages well glad im gonan be ur practice person lol brb gotta pee cool ok back wb ty :) mom still up nah they went to bed ok u tired? you im not lol ok but i didnt get up at 4 30 either well i don't have to be up that early tomarrow hehehe thats good what did you think about when you went to pee lol idk lol you felt better afterwards lol lol of course wat did u think about when i went to pee? good giveing you a massage and rubbing lotion on you oohhhhh the tent will smell all fruity lol than i will have your smell here when i get home awwww i got strawberry adn peach cool which is ur fav? strawberry kk i will bring that kind ok :) what is on your mind now just thinking about all this stuff we r talking about great how about u? yes and hopeing we have time for all oh me too i think we both like a lot of the same things me too i think i rlly like u too and rlly will have fun well if you don't have fun just tell me i am not doing what i said sumhow i think no matter wat we do it will be fun me to lol i gotta quit asking questionsa bout things why idk just things keep popping into my head well than don't stop lol ok and what popped in there now lol idk lol go ahead and ask lol nah oh come on you know you will in time lol well u r prolly rite cauz im too nosy not noisy just curious lol yea im curious so what popped lol lol idk spit it out oh i mean type it out lol lol i will think about it you say you a 32 a/b yea im an a acually wish i was a b lol ok you ever ware a garter belt and hose i have worn hose before ok and what held them up well they was panty hose oh them things lol u dont like them? no i like the fancy things like? garter belt and hose ahhh i will have to try them sumtime ok lol i cant wait to get older oh lol well i couldnt wear htat stuff now when older you will wish you was younger lol lol sure you can my mom wouldnt buy it for me but i would u would? rlly? yes thats kool :d but than you would have to ware a dress hehehehe well i got skirts n dresses ok :) u r kool larry u dont treat me like a little kid well it to bad your mom can't see that because you are not and some of that is her fault because she is makeing you grow up watching your sis guess we have to tho but i liked being treated like a person instead of a kid yes you do in time that is cool lol i only saw ladies in movies wear garters and hose before really lol but than most ladys don't go around showing them lol true lol don't pantie hose feel confineing oh yea i hate them well we mit have to go shopping 1 afternoon that would be very fun ok 8-> yes lol lol u r like a dream guy when will you have to be home sunday prolly not til afternoon ok but we don't want to cut it to close to when mom gets home anytime is fine sunday would hate to runin a great weekend haveing you get home when mom is there yea me too what time you getting up in the morning lol not til 10 or so lol now that is sleeping in yep lol figured out what you wanted to ask wat? idk lol lol i was just thinkin about us bein in the tent in our undies and getting a massage lol and it being warm and smelly fruity lol sounds great to me lol it will be cozy yes it will work all them stif joints out of your body i never had a massage before really yep well that will change than it will be a kool :) i better get off here lol ok nite carrie and sweetdreams nite larry its always fun talkin to u fun talking to you to carrie hello carrie glad you are still on i am sorry it is so late but i fell asleep after supper and just woke up hello hey! did you get my messages i sent you earlier no :( i just got booted ok well i said i am sorry it was so late but i fell asleep after supper and just got up lol so u should be all rested up huh? lol yes was a busy day here got new tired for bailer and put on worked on truck and fixed it raked hay dang no wonder u was tired so what did you do today oh hung out here and helped mom with sum cleaing and stuff ok and did you go to movies no :( oh yea mom said i had to help clean sum so everybody in bed blech no her and the giraffe r watchin tv lol ok :)) im evil you think uh huh lol so what did you think about all day well us and our trip cool and so did i aww thats nice oh did you know that your verizon bill tells where you are at when you get a call no i didnt it does wat if i do that call forward thing from home? that mit work i know u can do it cauz its in the phone book ok sooo maybe i should do that? well it gives the town you are closest to kk well that shouldnt be no prob ok good mom does it sumtimes even when she works if theres a call she wants to get and is afraid she will miss it i see i just dont want nuthing to screw up this maybe she will not call to wel i could call her and then she mite not bother true that mite work we just have to make sure the call is in your town kk that woudl work great :) sorry i eas late again :-* no worries i was just chatting with friends cool so did u freeze today? no was in tshirt most of day u didnt get cold nope lol i woulda why is that was a nice sunny day here cauz i woulda gotten cold well than i would have to keep you warm that would be kool too what you planning for tomarrow idk not much ok u? and what color tonight hehehehe lol i got on h ot pink lol mmmmmmmmm lol u like? i bet it looks hot on you lo i hope so :d you make any color look good awwwww wat is ur fav color? blue mine is purple close yep we r two eggs in a basket lol yep lol so what is your flavorite fruit mmm strawberries and peaches strawberrys and cherrys mmmm i luv cherries too cool yummy u r gonna make me fat lol no would run it off doing things hehehehe lol i hope so like me if i eat breakfast than i eat a lit supper hmmm i could eat like every 2 hours i could to and be the good year blimp lol that is why i don't lol i am lucky for now it dont matter how much i eat true and that will change in time nooo dont tel lme that i like it lol i know but it happens to us all lol lol my moms not fat tho cool u aint fat i use to be a big eater to not that i know of so u r lucky too what size ring do you ware im a size 4 and a half lol ok mine is 13 wow! u got big hands! yes i am big boned to big feet? no just 9 1/2 wide how tall r u? 5' 10" thats good ty i think just about everything about u is kool awww you give me a swelled head lol lol i like it cauz ur such a manly man lol u aint a big ole sissy boy ty my moms bf is a big priss what time did you get up this morning lol 10 lol oh lol 6 here ewwwwwwwwwwww hay i slep in a 1 1/2 hours lol lol do u get up and go rite to work? yep ewwwww i must be rlly lazy wanted to get things done and that is only way i know to do is get up and go get it done lol yea true my mom always sits n drinks coffee lol i grabed the coffee that was left in my thermos lol coffee is gross na lol it grows on you lol lol i drank some coffe when i was in school but really drank it when i was in service i hated there water ahh well that makes sense then what would you like to chat about anything is kool with me u pick lol i always pick lol do you swim yea i luv it yea i luv it? u>/ dang ok and is the water still warm up there noooo i aint been swimming a few weeks now oh ok do u swim? yes its fun yes it is do u have ponds on ur farm? do you like mushrooms no the kind u hunt? yes and store bought yea i do like them all cool so do i i like most everything it hink i hate spinach and brocolli lol ok you ever had egg plant nooooo well there is something new for you than hehehehe lol i will try it cool i try to be willing to try new stuff but im not always understand that lol i do eat even some of the things i don't care for if they are fixed rlly? like wat? yes bruseel sprots ewwwww lol lol most other thing i am good with lol you ever make pizza a few times cool and what do you put on them usualy pepperoni and cheeze lol ok i use 3 differant cheeses and pepperoni,sausage,onions,olives,black and green,mushrooms,sliced tomattos, oh man lol i like big pizzas lol that sounds good tho oh they are mmmm what else have you thought about today just camping and having fun was you working with a smile today lol of course good and so was i i just rlly like talking to u and i like talking to you and i like the things we talk about and just everything great well tomarrow i am working on fence and than bailing hay in afternoon boy u r busy u tired? no kk just checkig i wrry i keep u up too late well when it was so hot out i didn't do a lot in the evening after work so now that it has cooled off i have to get it done well that makes sense don't if i am really tired and need to go to bed i will tell you now if you going to come tuck me in i am readyfor bed than hehehehe lol kk i will and that soudns good of corse i mit be going to bed 3 and 4 times aday lol lol so i could tuck u in? sure and get a kiss awww kisses r fun mmmmmmmmmmmmmm lol u like them huh? oh yes but wat if i am a bad kisser? there is no bad kisses well i hope im not it is what the kiss means that makes it good awww i wasnt sure u wanted to kiss me lol and why wouldn't i well i just didnt know well i will that makes me feel good i love to kiss and have tongue fun me too!!! see we still like the same things hehehe yea we like lots of the same things i just like how comfy i am with u ty and glad you are i was with my old bf but with u it seems like i can tell u anything that makes a good relationship when you are open and honest yea i think it would and u dont have to hide stuff true because when you hide and lie it makes it hard to be yourself i think it would be hard to keep up with the lies me to :) ;;) ;) lol wat is the first thing u do when u wake up? looked at clock lol lol i always strectch and then roll over 2nd was bathroom lol me too sumtimes if i wake up early i check messages really yup 3rd was something to drink but just for a min ok i dont talk or stay online 4th was a swisher cool swisher? lol swisher sweet little cigar lol r those good? yes i always go for toast and oj well i see i will need to get some oj lol but i do have grape lol grape is good good and so is oj mmm i luv fruit haha i luv everything!! that is good :) i just think all things r fun well not all but a lot r lol true and that is a good way to look at life hang on i gotta go let my dog in ok kk i guess hes not ready to come in yet lol he stretched out on the leash lol what did you do to him was gonna bring him in but he went on out into the yard and its cold out! it is dang i was bare footed lol lol ok now don't freez your totiess lol iknow u ever stubbed ur toe when they r freezing? yes and not fun it hurts sooo bad that is the 1 part of body that is always covered oh not me see when i was a kid i use to trap and 2 winters in a row i went throught the ice and than had about a 2 mile walk home omgt! that would be awful it was and every since than my feet get cold easy well i understand that frist time was only waist deep and the 2nd was up to neck ewww u poor thing! you know it don't matter if you dump the water out or leave it in your boots your feet are still cold lol yea thats rlly true too bad they didnt have cell phones then lol wouldn't have been anyone to come get me i was back in the bottoms and no roads there dang after that i learned to carry matches so i could build a fire to dry out lol thats good and be more carefull of the ice lol i bet it wouldnt take too long to learn that!! no it don't lol lol now u know da ropes yep lol you know i can go out in my underware in the middle of a blizzered and not freezz but let me walk around in 60 deg. weather with no socks and feet feel like ice wow it musta done sum damage then think i got a little frost bit dang so u wear socks to bed n stuff? i know when i got home my pants would stand by themselfs and only bend at the knees yes dang lol htats rlly cold!! ice lol geez hang on lemmee go see if butthead is ready to come in lol lol ok freezin feet!! the grass was wet too!! dew brrrr did he come in yes finally lol ok see he wanted you to get feet wet yes he did lol you wareing a t yea u? white nope lol no t is lite pink i gotta match cool lol i see told u i was such a girl so you don't ware strips with dots noway lol nuh uh not even to bed lol me either lol good thing now i do like plad like on a flannl shirt yea i like flannels too cool and they r sooo warm if you get good one's my old bf had one i snitched from him oh lol and it fits you its big but was fun to wear around the house i see hehehe and it smelled like him he always did smell good oh a body wash type guy lol lol well he did smell good i like that ok and understandable :) you saying i smell lol never lol i shower evwery day i bet u dont at all lol u prolly smell all outdoorsy well i have to be honest i know i stink after a day at work lol lol well i can understand y when hot and i am in sun i sweat like a pig and some of the places i have to work in at times smell like shit holes lol well u shower so it shoudl take it away lol it does but you will have to remember the day i am comeing up there i am comeing from work kk thats ok i would come home and clean up but that would be another 40 miles before i get there do they have showers the campgrounds said they do and if they don't i will have water to clean up with good i dont want to be all stinky good :) i hate stinky lol lol i wouldnt want u to think i was stinky either i am sure you don't and brush my teeth too yes comb your hair lol nah i will jsut let it be all ratty :)) lol right like your pictures i see you keep it in place and look good lol bet you brush it a lot i do good i hate when it is all over the place i know what you mean i use to have long hair rlly? yes was down to my shoulders wow i cant see u with long hair in my wild days lol wow but now the job i have i have to keep it short awwww i like long hair sumtimes i love long hair on a lady i like long hair too fair warning i will play with your hair to rlly? :) ye lol thats kool great i like to have my hair messed with mmmmmmmmmm i will iwill lol lol >:) lol which dod did you leave in dog my mutt lol ok i luv my dogs and cats so do i where would we be with out our friends i know i wish i could be a vet but i am afraid i would get too sad why is that i couldnt stand to hurt them or put them to sleep true but is the hurt you do them going to make them better it is the same for us but we just say when we hurt and they do the same in the only way they can well thats true but do u think they undersand we r trying to help them? i am sure some of them do i hope so maybe i look at things wrong but i know if i am ever laying there and suffering and not going to get any better i want to be put down to well yea if there is no chance of getting better like i say don't know if wrong but i know that is not a life i want yea i think most ppl prolly feel like that it would just be hard for me to do i know because it is hard for me to do if i had to yep so far we have been lucky and had nuthing happen to any of our animals good but we didnt get any dogs til like a year or soago and i had to beg for them lol really and why was that my dad didnt want dogs onlly cats oh hes a dick he don't like dogs no not rlly ok sumtimes i dont like iim much lol yes they can be a pain in ass lol lol do u get along with ur dad? i did but he died about 12 years ago ahhh ok im srry ty now i didn't get along with dad as a kid but when i was older we did i hope i get along better with myh dad sum day that is hard to say guess iw ill see true and that depends on if he can see you are a lady and know what you want i think it will be a wh ile lol lol ok well i spose im gonna hed to bed ok i will tty soon hope u havea good day tomorrow sleep well and cool dreams nite larry nite carrie good morning sunshine and have a great day:)>:d*+*22:13*+*2*+*[0.5518793607922575, 0.44812063920774253]*+*1*+*