 hello hi a/s/l 33 white male in los angeles here asl? 13/f/562 so whered u go l am here trade pix? ya u send first ok sent thanks you look cute tyvm so do u i'm susie btw thank you, susie my names tay l love lucy liu too! she's smokin' ya she is shez why i wanna b a actress l think you should she's inspiring l am a musician cool what u play drums and percussion omg thatz so cool what kinda music i like all kindz of music rock, funk, jazz, metal l love it all too and play it all what are your other creative dreams? well i play the piano and i dance. i wanna take guitar lessonz but momz thiks i need 2 keep takin piano and dance but i really wanna b a actress lol right on you should be have you ever done photo shoots? no just when i was playin around with my friendz and we waz tryin 2 take cool pix thats cool l think you'd look good in front of a camera tyvm you have beauty, sex appeal and charm youre very welcome, susie ur very nice thank you.... l think you are too ty do u play with a band not really these days l mostly do studio work or travel vegas, festivals, fairs and movie/tv music omg thatz cool l love it what area are you in? 562 wehre r u im kinda by lakewood thats cool where r u l am in silver lake, in 323 area kinda between dodgers and hollywood ok ur kinda far whatcha doing l am about an hour or so away.... right now, chatting with you...trying to keep cool tv in the background l was hoping to find a cool girl to chat with... and my dream came true ty you are very welcome im glad ur talkin 2 me meeeee too tell me some more about yourself tell me some things l might not have guessed about you k im in 7 grade i hate skool and i hafta wear kinda like a uniform 2 skool 2day was the first day of skool and it sucked lol my mom and dad r divorcd cauz momz a les awwww sounds like the world is against you feels like that 2 but not all the time good, you sound like a great girl are you ok with the divorce? no but i wish momz wud have let me liv with dad i dont get along with momz much but i dont blam dad 4 gettin a divorce cauz all momz did was go out wiht her gurlz and party newayz when she wasnt workin so i gues itz ok good do you not like gays now? dunno dont lik mom bein a les for sure thats cool people are going to be attracted to who they are... but its not cool to hurt dad like that i know plus she kiss her gf and it makez me wanna gag sorry u prolly dont wanna hear bout that lol now tell me sumthin bout you i dont know honestly...l think its ok...l am very sexually open and honest...but if it hurts you, then its not ok with me hmmmm but dont tell me if ur momz a les lololol hehehehe promise what would you like to know about? l am not shy dunno whatevr u wanna tell me hmmmm l have a wild side....l like to party and get in trouble lol lol me 2 uh oh! two troublemakers...look out! hehehe do you drink or smoke weed? u wont tell promise do u promis l promise! cross my heart, sweetie ya i do and ya i do mmmm good do u wat u drink l dont drink, but l like smoking weed....420 baby! l don't like booze a whole lot, but l like weed i lik both cool lets party!!!! lol cool what else would you like to know? don't be shy dunno ur turn to ask i guess ok.... do you have a boyfriend or ar you dating? no bf broke up with bf awww...me too 4 days ago, single as a dolla bill =( sorry thanx kitten its tough, but l am over it waz a gf or a wife gf we were together 1 year but it didnt work out ohnoz yep =( we were compatible in a lot of areas, but had our differences did she get mad at u its kind of personal....is it ok to talk about those things? i think so ok... well, she wasnt interested in sex any more... l have a lot of passion and love sex....l am a very good lover cool and she was frigid...couldnt get off any more...and l needed to have that physical love, you know? ya l am very open minded in bed, and like to do a lot of things....but she wasnt into it so we discussed it, and broke up sorry thats ok how come she didnt lik it no more l would rather be alone than with someone who wasnt into me, and wanted fun physical times well like l said...l am a great lover...lots of positions, fun, fantasies, l can go all night... and she lost her sex drive and didnt want to try new things and it killed our passion and fun i never did real sex yet thats ok... have you kissed and touched? ya thats cool it can be an amazing experience, but both people have to be into it, ya know? and i did oral for my ex bf wow but thatz all so far did you enjoy that experience? ya i did nice did he return the favor? no he just wanted me 2 do it awwwww, thats no good i know its more fun to give and get bastard! he waz 2 lazy watching a girl have an orgasm is almost better than me having one.... pleasing the girl is very important did he ever use his hands on you? no thats lame! lol sorry ya its only fair to give and get, ya know? ya are there some things that you've thought about trying, but havent yet experienced? well ya but kinda hard 2 think bout it when u dont even know how 2 do nething lol awwwww thats ok you just need a good man to help show you ya for sure lol thats cool its important to go slow, take your time, and really enjoy it most younger boys dont have experience and know how to do anything ya what else would you like to know? u got a cool car did u leave yoohoo l am here lol l have 2 cars a van and a scion cool l like those little toaster cars lol wat color is it vans good for cargo and also setting up a cool chill space or place to party blue the van is blue u got like ur name on it like a band alwayz does van white, scion blue lol nope it has a bunch of scars and scrapes on it! lol l am a crappy driver rofl i dont evn know how 2 drive yet dont thik im ever gonna get old enuff 2 drive lol awwww l will give you lessons cool i wish l am sure we could find a good place to start...maybe a parking lot or something cars are easy cool hey susie? hey wat you are perhaps the coolest person l have chatted with on aol in a long friggin time!! ur prolly the coolest person ive ever chatted with newhere awwwwww you rock i mean it 2 ty l feel really good right now you are very welcome, kitten cool dang, l wish we were hanging out....lets smoke a fatty lol hehehe ya u know wat momz will b home b4 long and i gotta go 2 bed b4 she getz here cauz i got skool 2morrow u b online 2morrow nite awwwww hell yeah add me to your buddy list cool kk i will can i call u 2morrow so i can hear ur voice have a great night, susie....and have wonderful dreams of being a star l would love that cool give me ur digitz and ill call 2morrow wat time u get up ill call when i get home from skool lets just chat online...l dont want to give out numbers yet, ok? ok y l would love to hear your voice....but remember, l am older and could get in trouble ur not gonna tell nobody r u l trust us both, but just want to feel good about it, you know? cauz momz wud kill me no way! we need to keep our friendship on the dl! really im serius momz wud kill me dead l know we gotta keep it secret promise and if she found your phone bill, we could get caught l promise no cauz dad buyz me phone cardz so i can call him whenevr i want then momz dont know gotcha she hates me talkin 2 dad cauz i talk about her. lol lol l hear you! can you ditch school, or is it tough to skip? dunno i mite try it after we talk i gotta make sure ur not like a seriel killer hehehe l hear you! of course lets talk a few times and see how we feel kk hey yessss? im glad ur talkin 2 me i really like u me too, susie...you are so cool, intelligent, hot and fun tyvm l think you are an awesome person, and any boy would be lucky to have you ty youre welcome, sweetie momz just drove in driveway. gotta go c u 2morrow online when skools out bye omg hi hehehe hang on a min i gotta go pee bad. brb ok im soo glad ur online i missd u awwwww l am too sweetie *hug hows it going? ok i gues what are you doing today? nothin what u doin eating now and chilling later typing one hand with a sandwich lol wat u eatin roast beef sandwich and fritos im wantin pizza or tacoz i luv fritos mmmmmmmmm me too lol pizza too u makin me hungry sorry lol but they are good hateful man lol ur chewing lol momz workin 2day so nothin 2 do and i gotta feed myself when she workz all alone? ya she hasta work like from 1 to 1 today so she wont b home till bout 2 in the mornin cool ya all by yourself?? ya invite me over lol wat we gonna do whatever hehehe watch movies, talk dirty, goof off talk dirty hehehehe lol l am sorry, l have been feeling naughty all week i like nauty me too hehehe you have a hot tub? ya cool l am busy til 9pm and couldnt be there til 10pm can i call u i can use my phone card so momz wont know l feel a little weird about giving you my number....cuz of my age can l call you from a cellphone? not unless u wanna talk 2 my momz hahahaha she forwrdz phone 2 her cell so dad cant call me lol ok can we chat here for awhile? ya l think we'd hit it off great and make a great connection, kitten.... but we have to be safe cuz of ages, ya know? ur not gonna tell nobody r u no way cauz id get killed me too l love our friendship, but we need to keep it on the downlow promis u wont tell never ever ya we do l promise forever and ever k me 2 cool cool then lets hit the weed and jump in your hot tub cool nakid i did that b4 cauz nobody can see l am cool with that cool now thatz nauty hehehe lol l like it ya me 2 so u gotta work till when wat in the world u doing now yoohoo gues u dont wannaa talk nemore bye hey! hi l am so sorry l ditched you earlier...my computer froze for 10 minutes! do you forgive me, sweetie? ohnoz ya i do i thot u just quit talkin 2 me lol cool no way...l really really like you i reallly really lik u 2 awwww thanks we were just getting to the good part too...naked in the hot tub lol! hehehe ok we gonna get in hot tub nekid then wat we do kiss, touch, talk dirty, massage, smoke weed lol doesnt sound bad to me i like it l like it too we dont need to go fast at all...relaxed and casual, see how we both feel i feel good lol good me too! can you hang on for a minute? l have to get the door ya ok l am back sexy didja miss me? ya i did well here l am...all for you kiss mmmm l want some of that so what u gonna touch your neck and back butt and legs k k breasts cool pussy cool everywhere im gonna touch 2 after we're done in the tub...take you out naked and wet, and cover you in baby oil what do you want to touch? everthing lol mmmm sounds good u gotta work 2nite l am busy til about 10pm l am about 1/2 hour from lakewood cool whens mom coming home? gets off at 1 prolly home bout 1 45 or 2 so u gonna touch me all over rite yes, l am would you like that? cool ya l like it too are you feeling horny? ya i am me too u gotta work or wat wish u cud come now lol but u get all wet in the hot tub l know...l wish too is she working tomorrow day/night too? ya not as late 2morrow tho like only til 10 gotcha so if u come 2nite at 10 we have like 3 hours b4 she getz off work we got to smoke fatty outside so momz dont smell it. hehehe no problem will you be alone? will neighbors know? dont know neighborz hardly park on street so nobody see car in driveway cool so u gonna come bout 10 30 we can play for 2 hours easy l am good with it if you are i am great with it ok cool i mite wanna keep u since i dont got no bf hehehe lol cool....but we gotta keep it secret well ya for sure u promisd u wudnt tell nobody never ever cauz i mean momz wud kill me and id get grounded til i waz like 40 promise for ever and ever pinky swear for ever and ever pinky swear cool so u b here bout 10 30 rite we gotta b careful not 2 mess up house no problem i get intruble if house is messy when momz comez home we'll be clean ya this is so cool im so exited me too its gonna be fun ya it is so im gonna take a bubble bath b4 u get here so i smell really good perfect, l would love that u like strawberry or herbal herbal omg me 2 itz my fav mmm yummy hehehe what are you gonna wear for me? wat u want me 2 wear i gonna wear nothin in hot tub lol sounds good but i wait till u get here to get nekid after we tub, l want to lay out a sheet on the floor, and put oil over all of our bodies that soundz cool make me slicky tho wat time u gotta b at work or wherevr u going l need to be there at 7pm k hey tay yes? if ur just jokin with me tell me please dont just stand me up l am not joking kk l promise, susie can you give me directions/address now, so l can mapquest it? i can give u address but i dont know how to get here. lol i know u gotta turn off bellflower blvd onto my street. thats cool, give me address and a description of your house my house is like beige and not real big if u come in side door on rite side of house nobody see u ill watch 4 u that sounds good u gonna b in the white car or the blue van l should be there between 10 and 10:30 omg this iz so cool not sure car so wat i look for then silly lol don't matter i look 4 u dont worry k i only worry u wont really come dont worry bout that, l will be there kk i cant wait what else do you want to do when l get there? dunno u gotta b boss cauz i dont know how 2 do lotz of thingz i crown u boss of stuff 2nite hehehehehehehe no problem ur a nice man i can tell yes l am! i cant wiat til u get here me too, we'll have a blast ya bring munchies 2 i dont got ne fritos lol or somethin lol l can bring fritos momz sad i eat her outta house and home what else? what soundz good pizza or tacos or reeses pnute butter cupz lol im hungry can u tell mmmmm! how bout fritos and reeses? cool i wud love that and 420 lol not 2 eat you got it! lolol silly lol so u gotta b sumwhere at 7 u know what time it iz takez me long time 2 get ready but ur a guy so dont take so long l am all good! l want to keep chatting with you me 2 but im bout 2 pee on myself brb lol ok you pee a lot lol cauz i drink lotz of water and ice tea and cokes lol lol i lookd at ur pic lotz 2day cauz ur sooo cute cool did you fantasize? not really thats cool l like your pix on myspace page ty you have a sexy attitude ty hehehe ya im gonna b sexy when i get big im gonna wear those big heels mmmm l love heels on girls my momz says i dress like a hoochie mama now it pisses her off l think its a turnon wear those heels for me dont have none now thats cool hey l have to tell you something sumday wat u gonna tell me do you ever shave or trim? shave dont have much tho do you ever get red bumps? not alwayz im kinda careful dont wanna cut my thingy l have some of those around my hips... lol lol l shaved/trimmed earlier this week, but have red bumps around my mound.... so if you see that, don't freak out...its not aids! its from shaving, and l didnt use enough skin cleaner astringent hehehehe promise wont freak lol lol good l want the lights low anyways ya make it sexy rite i dont hav no sexy music or i play it you pick the sexy music and play it kk ill pick oaut sumthing cute 2 wear that sounds good to me l want to see that ya you are a very beautiful girl ty l am sure you'll look very tasty hehehe can l taste you everywhere? ya if u wanna mmmmm ok i trust u good do you ever masturbate? not really thats cool im so exited cauz ur coming mmmm me too put on some makeup after your bath, and dress sexy for me im gonna mmmmmm good i think i wear my little white skirt and my white tank i think itz cute but momz hatez it mmmm perfect we won't tell i know wat u gonna wear jeans, black t-shirt cool we wont stay in clothes for too long i know rofl lololol u like kid rock l do me 2 i did till he hooked up with pam andersen l hear ya! shez a slut hez gotta b stupid l dont find her attractive at all l hear ya! i figur u lik her cauz shez got big boobs nope i dont have big boobs l am more of an ass man than a boob man...l like girl with smaller breasts and nice slender body and hips do you have nice nipples? dont know if they nice or not wat makez them nice what color and size? kinda dark and kinda big i guess i dont know if big or not nice l will check them out later kk u tell me honest if theyr not nice l will honestly tell you cool do you have a cute butt? prolly i have a butt hehehehehe lolol l will have to check that out too ya wat if u dont think itz cute omg lol l am sure l will hey, can you hang out for about 10 minutes? l need to jump in the shower, but then l will be back kk ill play gamez till u get back. sounds good ciao kissy disconnected hi r u clean lolol mmm fresh and clean for you baby i still gotta go take a bubble bath u dont need to bring a towel we got lotz of towelz how im gonna explain why one of momz sheetz has oil all over it hmmmm ya can u bring a sheet lets skip the oil this time iknow what we cud do we cud use towels i like the oil gonna make me slicky ok iz it baby oil l will bring oil, and we can figure someting out yes, baby oil l can bring a sheet kk i luv the way baby oil smellz kk u bring the sheet ill bring me hehehehehe mmmmm you got a deal, sexy u got a deal sexy man u really r a sexy man mmmmmm l like when you call me that i like cauz u r that lolol gimme a second, l want to put that sheet aside now cool all set, sexy got the oil and sheet cool i've never been all slicky soundz fun mmmm its very hot cool u gotta b sumwhere at 7 ur late it got moved to 8 l will be done by 9:30 cool so u b here by 10 mabe l bet between 10 and 10:30 l will leave at 1am kk will that be a safe hour to leave? ya cauz she wont get home b4 1 45 1 is plenty safe omg im so exited mmmm me too how often does your mom leave you alone like that? lotz itz okay im not a baybee i just lock doorz xcept when im in hot tub lol lol is hot tub outside? ya in backyard dont mess up house that way ok... to be honest, l am a little scared of being in yard, in case neighbors hear and check it out they cant see in backyard we dont hafta do hot tub if u dont wana but i do it nekid cause they cant see nothin ok...lets play it by ear... kk i wont care if u dont wanna do hottub it might be more fun to skip hot tub and go straight to oil ya i think it mite i cant wait 2 do that seeing as we don't have much time ya i know we cann do hot tub anothr time if u wanna wat u doing where u going at 8 l have a meeting for some biz stuff gonna have dinner when l am there o i c bring me dinner lol bet ur having sumthing really gud j/k l hope so!! hehehe l will bring you fritos and reeses oh ya and feed them to you off of my body cool this is gonna b sooo fun mmmmm yummy ull b all salty and sweet and slicky omg wish u didnt hav meeting so u cud come now im so exited mmmmmmmm god yes salty and slicky and oily all over for your tongue and fingers ill make u feel soo gud 2 do i get 2 put oil all ovr u 2 yes... cool did u find my house on the map what do you wanna do to me? make u slicky hehehe how we can hang on if we're both slicky we grind against k its sooooo good u ever did it b4 yessssssss cool is there anything you don't want to do or are scared of trying? dont think so like wat anything sexual that we should avoid? dunno know how 2 do much u gotta show me wat u thinkin about wat did u wanna do that pissed off ur gf i bee wonderin about that l didnt do anything like that! lol its all good on that front o l will show you everything, and we can decide what feels fun and comfortable l have a few surprises for you cool wat tell me uhhh uhhh thats what surprises are for but l will tell you that you'll love it ok im gonna thik up a surprise 4 u 2 ok....don't worry about it too much tho kk now i wanna know wat surpris u gonna do lol lol don't worry about it, it will bring you a lot of pleasure fun and naughty lol cool ur makin me crazy hehehe lol then take it out on me when we're covered in oil hehehe im gonna mmmmm can l tell you something? well ya of course my dick is getting hard over here talking to you dunk it in cold water u got 2 wait till u get here how long it takez u 2 get 2 ur meeting l leave in about 20 min lol i gotta do dishs b4 u get here 2 or momz will b pissed when she getz home wher d u go brb i gotta go pee again lol dont leave lol back lol cool!!! hehehe hurry with ur meeting u got 2 meet wit ur boss u can say sorry i got somethin slicky going i gotta go boss rofl lolol r u exited 2 i cant wait wat u doin lolol l am stoked! cool yoohoo sexy man wat u doin l am getting ready to go...l need to get running, baby girl ohmoz ohnoz not moz hehehe alright....see you between 10-10:30 cool ill b waitin 4 u hurry ok will do baby!! xxoo smooch kissy bye sexy man bye*+*0:0*+*2*+*[0.5035987404408457, 0.4964012595591543]*+*1*+*