 hi hi how r u i'm good a/s/l 35 m fl u 15/f/fl oh what r u up to nothing much bored out of my head really awww danr it makes 2 of us so what r we gonna do my name is cara nice to meet u cara nick hi nick my name is really maddison but, that's my mom's name so i go by my middle name oh i like cara better short and sweet just like me lol well how do i know u r sweet w/o tasting? lol i don't know really i guess i don't :( awwww i guess i'll just have to try it whatcha thinking? about us lol really? y what do u have in mind someone else? i don't have anyone on my mind :( not even me [-( hmph sorry that's not what i meant now u'll have to kiss and make up silly #-o who? ? you're silly kiss and make up lol :-O  u call your bf silly? [-(  lol what's wrong with kissing? you're my bf? lol /:) ? ??? u there? i'm here my system went really slow all of a sudden u r sooooooo quiet oh so what do u like ? ??????/ well, i used to have horses when i lived in texas oh u don't anymore? nope had to leave them made me sad y? u could have broght them with u? no my dad said no awww i'm sorry sweetie >:D so they stayed with my mom awwww thank you oh so parents got sep? yep one day my mom was just gone bitch hey have u heard that song??  i wanna be a cowboy...if u could be my cowgal... i am so sorry sweetie >:D yeah i take it she went with another man? i don't know but she didn't want me to come stay with her so, i'm here with my dad but he's never home he's always always always working awwwwww :( but i am sure he works hard fo maybe he can put u through college.... yeah i'm sure i mean i understand it just sucks sometimes i know how u feel sweetie i travel a lot weekedays and i have a daughter too how old is she? but i always call her at 8 pm to tell her bed time story 8 you're sooo cool so are you married then? ty but i'm sure not as cool as my cowgal hehe yes then you have a cowgirl hmph lol no silly i was tlaking about u but i thought you were saying yes to being married yes i am married she is not cowgirl oh have i already asked if you have a myspace? no no i haven't asked or no you don't have one? or no to both? i don't have your space lol no to both myspace.com/edited all you've ever wanted to know about cara and more lol oh i wanna know more about carrying cara about carrying me? what do you mean? oops caring oh sorry i'm a dork no u r not, u r a sweetheart ty i try that's all we can do so how long u been in fl ? since the end of january still only know my little corner though u will win others heart in no time sweetie...with your big heart in no time u'll have plenty of friends so what do you do that you travel so much i guess sometimes i just feel soooooooo alone ginnie, who is like my only friend here, is gone for the summer which sucks awww don't be feeling like that i am a consultant what kind? y don't u go visit your firneds in tx ? management cos my mom won't let me staywith her and my dad won't let me be a burden on my friends families he really told me that i'm a burden awwww noooooooooooooooooo come here >:D as i said u r a sweetheart if parents can't look after their kids or they don't have time, its their problem not yours sweetie so nice to give me hugs hey in return i want 3 things from u i just sorta want to feel loved, you know? kay anything promise? if i can do it i will i know u can ok here we go 1. in return u have to give me a hug too >:D that i can do >:D yay me one down two to go 2. u have to give me a kiss.. :-*  even if its just on a cheek kay :-* ready for 3rd one? yay me two down one to go yep sock it to me ok 3. u have to keep giving me big smiles :D no matter what wow that's easy i can totally do that that's a click and send sort of thing seee i knew it i had full confidance in u so even when i'm emo i can at least fake it lol awwww but u r not going to with me right? prolly no not* i hate that word prolly lol but it is soooooo easy to type i know sometimes easiest and simple things makes life hard and complicated lol i went to a church one day, and they said the straight and narrow isn't meant to be easy it might be the fastest and easiest path but it's also the hardest to stay on so true but, that was when i was in texas now i don't go awwww but u r not gonna let anything get in a way from your own sucess right? nope i rock lol that's my girl lol did you already call your daughter? noap cos it's after 8 right now i am like u, alone they r in australia wow that's way far away how come they are there? yes they were born there, they go away every summer they love travelling that is sooooo cool so noone home for the summer then, huh? noap not until aug 5 my school starts again in like three weeks ya that's when they come back so i figured your daughters must too yes i am in boston now but will be home tomorrow that's cool where's home? tampa where r u tallahassee wow that to me is like a jungle lol why? well i like living in outskirt of the city so u get best of both oh yeah well my daddy has to be close so, we stay in the city that's good what does he do? he's a doctor at crmc oh ok, so he should be making good $$ lol i guess i sorta don't know any of that i know, i do lots of volunteer work on weekends, and one thing started doing is medical camp in big cities where we ask doctors to give up their sat golfing for free clinic service that is soooo cool i should tell my daddy about that ya so far we did 2 in tampa, orlando, and jax you are so cool that you do that is so cool it's like you can totally make a difference in the world ya know? and i teach kids! lol on sun ages 6 -16 on human values oh, so you're paid to be nice to kids.  that's why you're so nice to me hmph noooooooooooooo i do all that on my own volunteer work oh so you're suffering with me for free lol sucks to be you then and i am on a board for a program call "woman to woman" where we take teenage girls who r mom drop out of school to put them back in school lol as i said u r my girl...and to see u happy..hmmmm would pay any price really? ofcourse as long as u keep ypur promise and give me those 3 things lol always told you i know i'm short and sweet and a sweetheart think so? yup no question about it and best part of all this not only u r a short sweet sweetheart but u r also caring cara and u r mine yours? how? yes my sweetheart however way makes u happy that's sweet i dont' know what you mean but it sounds sweet ya but not as sweet as my sweetie sweet talker whatcha thinking? nothing just u what about me? idk...wish there was way i could make u happy i just want to feel special you know? i know i know i'm emo i don't mean to be i know, and i am trying to figure how i can treat u so special thank you for even thinking of trying to make me happy ok and i want 2 more thangs things i know i ask for too much nope anything anything to make you happy ok promise me between us NO ty and NO sorry okay i will work hard on that that's my girl i am sooooo proud of u sweetie so that's one what's the other? oops sorry that was 2 one no ty and second no sorry 2 in 1 lol oh okay then that's really easy good are you really busy? may i add u sweetie? for u? never of course yay now we're really friends it's official lol yup now i got my sweetie for good yay you yay me >:D >:D what u doing ? 8-| ???? u there? nothing my system locked up AGAIN oh sorry i thought u had enough of me lol never what time does yoru dad come home? whenever usually not before midnight really? so u r all by yourself on your own?> yep tht's not good do u go out with friends? my only friend ginnie is gone for the summer to where? somewhere in missouri oh ok do u go out like during day? to the library and the museum movies? exciting huh? ya lol wish u were closer really? how come? so i can take u out spend as much time as i can with my sweetie you'd want to take me out? y wouldn't i? u r my girl maybe i just like hearing it hearing what? that i'm your girl that's ok too, whatever makes u happy how are are you from me? idk let me check about 4 hrs drive that's not that far noap not at all whatcha thinking? got quiet again sorry was looking at map to see how far my girl is how come? so i can be with my girl how? when? well i am only home on wekeends so maybe sat or sun really? ya only if u want i would really? really whatcha thinking? hang on sweetie brb sorry back did u miss me? lol lots and lots awwwww >:D what u doing? u there? i'm here i haven't gone anywhere just slowed down by the bots sorry ok what u doing nothing talking to you is that a good thing? lol it's a way good thing y is it a good thing? lol cos i think you're cool cos you make me smile awwwww nahhh its all u sweetie whatever (didn't say anything about whatevers.... ha ha) lol damn now its my connection playing up i didn't get a chance to reply to "whatever" lol tee hee have u had dinner? sorta what did u had? an uncrustable lol hmmm? what uncrustable?? it's a sandwhich my smuckers with no crust nummy oh do u cook? yeah but not for just me and my daddy's never home awwww so r u gonna cook for us? if you want me to sure, don't worry i'll do the dishes yeah? wash and dry ? yup i make excellent dishwaher ask anyone lol what would you want? depends what u r offering =P~ what do you want silly? well what's your fav thing? i make a mean shrimp pasta and i really like stuffed peppers nummy uh oh ok you got quiet hmm? doesn't sound good huh? no sorry i like it besides i am sure if its made by u..its gonna be tasty and yummy just like u what do you mean? just like how sweet u r btw how tall r u? 5'2 cool easy to kiss yeah? how tall are you? 5'7' cool ya not much diff in heigh makes it easy to kiss exactly but wait does that mean you'd like to kiss me? #-o what do u think? i'm asking? do u want me to? only if you want to noooo remember sweetie its all about u but, i don't want to assume you know what they say? lol all the kids in like the 8th grade thought that was soooooooo funny lol so we r gonna kiss? that's what i've been asking you silly yes so you want to kiss me then? yes kay is that ok? yep would u kiss back? yes i think so i think i would like that very much really? really :x than i can hold my sweetie and kiss her for a log time yep i would really like that and what if your bf finds out? i dont' have a bf silly :-O and who am i? lol are you my bf now? just so i know how to answer that question in the future if u want me to be i don't claim anyone who doesn't claim me so, if you want me, then you have to say so :) :-O haven't u been listning? i have been saying my sweetie, my girl,...duh kay just didn't want to assume again so everything clear? you're telling me i'm your girl and you're my bf and your response to that is? ? is an of course u sure? ? very very even though i am married? i don't know how to answer that u don't have to you're the only one who has been nice awwww but u r still my girl right? yep good luv ya sweetie yeah? really? :x u don't want me to? no, i really do really do i don't think i've had anyone love me before awwwwww >:D i love my hugs wish my sweetie was with me now >:D how long r your hair? btw what do u look like what? you haven't seen my profile? i'm sorta sad now no duh better check eh? cos now i don't know if you really luv me nooo sweetie i love u cause of your heart not cause of look don't be sad sweetie pleeeeeeeeeease okay so whatcha think? btw so your pic in prof u r a cutie well my cutie and you're my bf is that black and white pic? i think it was taking on color film and then changed my friend ginnie took it oh ok so now describe me about u from head to toe do you have a pic that i can see? its in that corner window is that your wife? noooooooo i went to phillipines last year and we went to this pub and my friend took this with a waitress there oh do you havemore? at home yes oh not on your computer? hang on i might have here but not a clear one it was sooooooooo dark plus cell camera wasn't good you can't picture share them for me? or email them? so i can havea  pic of my bf all the time ? i'll do it from home when i go there sweetie i don't have any on work laptop then where did you get those? these i had added to this corner long time ago idk where they r here in drive and this is my work laptop so i don't keep it here but i have it at home i flying back tomorrow i'll give u when i go home promise? promise love not mad at me? no good why would i be mad? cause i can't send pics no i'm young but i'm not a silly little girl i don't throw fits like that its ok sweetie, even if u do, gives us chance to kiss and make up yay us ok u still haven't told me how u look top to bottom start with hair i have brown hair and brown eyes and i'm 5'2 how long? and it's kind of long like the middle of my back staright? yeah but it holds curl really well i learned that when i used to do dance tit size really? u like dancing? 32b for barely there that's good size..easy to suck you think so? yes well that is if u let me lol you would want to? ofcourse who wouldn't?  but its up to u wow that sounds like fun so u want me to suck yours? i think i would be kinda shy.  but i think because you're my bf, it's okay i know but its ok sweetie i will make u feel special and comfotable so u would enjoy me loving u what do you mean? u know when i kiss u hold u in my arms wisper "i love u" in your ears play with your tits wow i so want to make you happy and i wanna do same sweetie whatcha thinking? when i am going to see u and love you when will you be home? i fly home tomorrow land about 7 pm when r u free? almost all the time i can talk to my daddy tomorrow see what his schedule is like what is yours like? well tomorrow def out duh lol by the time i get ther to tampa it will be 8 pm maybe sat can u go out? yeah my daddy's never home where doyou want to go? idk where u want to, where ever i can make my sweetie happy will you really come? i want to what do you want to do? maybe movie? dinner? make love? sit and talk? is it okay that i'm a virgin? really? really is that bad? u want me to be your first? no its good you love me right? yes very much what would make you happy? u in my arms do you want to be my first yes is it ok? u don't have to sweetie if u don't want to no i think i really do i want to be loved by you good i will love u as much as i can in our bed sweetie whatcha doing? dreaming of u getting naked and me loving u how about u? wondering if i could call you so i could hear how you sound u want to? yeah. is that okay? yes just don't want u to get in trouble do u have a cell or calling from home? calling from home but on a calling card so it won't show up on my phone bill ok later i'll get u a calling card so u can call me whenever u want k ready for no? thank you yes 978-777-2500  room no 809 :-O NO ty that's hotel try that first they won't put it through cos i don't have your full name screw them fucking bitches.. u want my cell no? yes please 727-641-8224 :(( did u hang up on me? :(( :(( my phone died i dont' know if it's the charge or the minutes oh is it cell ph? do u want me to call u from hotel ph? i'll use a card, so no doesn't show on yours hold on my daddy just called on the other line brb k :-w i know i'm sorry just finished with him its ok sweetie luv ya yeah? didja missme? ofocurse i did did u? of course u sounded sooooooooo sweet on the ph thank you :-O sorry ahhhhhhh :-O uh lol kay lol i love you i love you too it's a hard habit to break but i love u more oh u'll break it when i am kissing u and making out ? break what? the habit? ya lol cause your mouth will be busy doing other things lol color me stupid but what do you mean? well my toung will be in your mouth so u can't say anything cause we r busy kissing so automatically breaking the habit oh lol kay come here >:D is your dad home? right now? not yet he called to say he was on his way oh ok so u have to go sooon hmmm? maybe depends on his mood when he gets home what u mean? sometimes he checks on me and wants to talk sometimes hejust goes right to bed awwww but my sweetie knows i am always there in your heart right? yes always u there? yes baby why? u r quiet, what u thinking? just so happy don't think i've been this happy in forever awwwww just seeeing u sooooooooo happy makes me happy wait until your dad sees u, he will be like who is this girl?? lol :x :-* >:D think so you? what u mean "think so you????" i love you i love you too but i love u more this >:D you're soo good to me cause u r my sweetie and you're my guy and we love each other i can't wait to hold u in my arms i love you baby look u in your eyes and wisper i love u too sweetie u there sweetie? yeah whatcha doing? waiting for u to reply i thought u left never u want me to let u go? no not at all i mean do you have to work tomorrow? cosi know it's late but i get to sleep in so i don't care yes its ok, i want to be with u wish u were here in my arms in my bed now you make me feel so good like i'm important or something u r sweetie u r my princess i wannna be a cowboy..if u could be my cowgal i should download that song just promise me u will love me as much as i love u always no i think u should listen to the song..."you are beautiful..." by james...? u there? james blunt? yes i love that song that's what i sing all the time wasn't sure who i was singing to but now i know yeah? it's amazing how you found me i know, and u didn't want me lol what do you mean? i'm teasing u sweetie okay cos you know that's not true right? i know u really want me to be your 1st love to take your virginity? yes noone has made me feel  like you do awwww that's cause special princess desreves nothing but best and your princess will give you nothing but her best i wannna steal my princeses heart and keep it with me you don't have to steal it it's yours good and i am keeping it :-> lol i like that smiley he's kinda cute not as cute as  you hey but cute good lol that was quick comeback lol i can be a bit of a smart ass mmmm even than that ass is mine!! =P~ lol tease btw is your pussy trim or shaven? hmmmm. neither really mmmmmm nice and smooth is that how you want it? yes so i can slide my toung in it easily before my cock goes in will it hurt? maybe,  but i'll be gentle sweetie promise? i promise that's y i'll eat first so u can get wet and losen up okay you know best i've never had a boy do that before have u had cock before? no you'll be my first for everything really? will suck it? will u suck my cock? whatever makes you happy i only want to make you happy ya but some girls don't like to suck, so its ok if u don't like it you'll help me learn how right? yes sweetie nick? yes sweetie hey you know my whole name what's yours? Nitesh is real name that's a beautiful name awww  ty sweetie :-* :-* hey ya wait until i tell u how girls says it you can't ty me :-O wait yes i can u didn't ask for that lol dammit lol guess you're right so, i think i'm going to go to bed hello? okay i guess  you're gone hi sorry went to bathroom ya i was gonna go to bed too bet you didn't tell me your last name i'll log in tomorrow before i leave for airport okay oh sorry Patel what time do you leave for the airport? around noonish okay if u want call okay will u be on tomorrow? i'll talk with you tomorrow yes ok good and nick yes? thank you :-O for making me feel so special awwww well in return i want those 3 things nothing comes free u know i know :-> so, talk to you tomorrow? yes and i'll find out my daddy's schedule i'll see u in OUR dream ok good i will see you in our dream as well ok take care sweetie if you get a chance, think of me chance ? no chance..i will always think of u nitesh patel, i love u i love u more night my sweet princess sleep sweet my love :-* bye sweetie :x >:D >:D :-* :x :) :) good morning moring sweetie, how come u r not sleeping? i don't know u know u have to get your beauty sleep sweeetie i know but i wanted to make sure i talked to you before you left for the airport u will , i am not leaving until 1130-12 and i would never loeave w/o atleast leaving u a goodbye kiss you are so good to me cause u r my girl anyway how r u? did u sleep well? yeah good, i don't want my girl to be grumpy cause she didn't get enough sleep!! lol i know i think i'll go to sleep when you go to work so how come you're in boston anyway? i'm already at work sweetie!! :)  and 1st thing i was gonna do was to write u a lil note so when u come on u have something to look forward to, but u beat me to it..lol for work, i travel for work weekdays i know you travel i was just wondering why to boston where evre we have clients, in 2-3 weeks i'm starting a project in Toronto, canada btw sweetie what's your email address? you gonna send me pics? right now i am gonna send u ph cards, pics when i get home cowgirl_cara_1991@yahoo.com ty oops >:D nope you can i can't oh yes, but than it wouldn't be fair right? that's true so no ty or sorries from you k deal, whatevere we do have to do it together so your company is big huh? if you guys are going to go into canada and stuff noap about 60 ppl, actualy i work for a company that;s in toronto, really? andthat's in canada right? yup what's it called? Carpedia i'm trying to understand what it is by the name it's not working lol lol no the founders just picked a name nothing to do with what i do, they liked the name oh at least it shouldn't make sense to me i was feeling sorta stupid don't its all right, i think it means sieze the opportunity or something who knows luv ya luv ya too thank you for the phone cards :-O [-( ugh lol it's a habit i know was trying to be polite u don't have to be silly, u have every right to ask for these things when i go home i'll get u a real card so there is no limit :-S u there? yes i didn't know what to say since i couldn't say ty lol awwwww come here >:D hey i forgot to give u something last night!!! >:D what did you forget to give me? @};- @};- @};- @};- @};- @};- @};- @};- @};- @};- @};- @};- dozen until i give u real ones i feel so special u should, cause u r 1 in a million u r a sweet-short-sexy-preety-princess-caring-cara lol and you are my bf boy that's a long name lol i'm just gonna call u cara instead of sweet-short-sexy-preety-princess-caring-cara lol okay cara works #:-S' silly luv ya luv ya too k r u going to sleep now? hey before u go, u have to send me pics too, so i can look at u day and night do you have to work now? i have a mtg at 830, but i'll be in and out /:) now where did u go was sending you pics awwww ok u r not caring cara u r a sweet-short-sexy-preety-princess-cute-caring-cara cute caring cara lol so i'm ccc? hey that's a good one triple C so with all the traveling you do, do you even have a car? lol don't need one!! i rent everywhere! much easier, but i do have one at home, well wife does..lol i just pay for it! lol but she didn't take it to australia did she? no its sitting at home that's sorta a long way to take a car yes it is what kind of car? honda accord, can't afford big now, i'll tell other time but 5 years ago i lost my buciness had million bucks loan...i was out on a street...that time i had everything!!! well not everything, i didn't have u wow that's sad but hondas are nice that's y i do lot of volunteer work now after making money, losing everything,...now i know the value of life and its more than just money k sweetie be back in few shit running late for meeting, i love you love you too and be good of course i think i might go back to sleep for a while ok do that when i come back i'll send u email, okay love u sweetie and miss u alot miss you too bye :-* i love you knock 'em dead lol lol ;) :) hi sleep well? yep thank you didja get your pics one u sent? 3 of them? yes i did i have 1st one on my screen right now oh yeah? yup u r soooooooooooooooooo cute :-* thank you oops had b/fast yet? lol nope did anyone come bother u in your sleep? :-? lol no who would come bother me? :( who else? oh did you mean in my dreams? yes and did you mean you? i don't mean anything i am asking u!!!! oh, i was going to say if you came in my dreams it wouldn't be a bother oh ya but than i would feel guilty for waking up my sweetie no i would be happy good, i just want u to be happy i sent u couple emails quick ones i got them thank you lol oops ugh it's soooo hard to not say that i know that's y i ask for that, cause that's the only way i can say that i'm special to u, cause u don't thank me or apologies cause we r just 2 bodies 1 soul!! u know how i teach kids on weekends, here is a play i did for them , in this play when u read it later 6th  candle is my sweetie cara, just keep that in mind!! okay btw if u don't like it when i send u cards or files just tell me ok? that's us i loved my card andi'm about to read this hold on just a second oops at the end it should read 6th not 4th for HOPE candle, sorry.. no sorries allowed awwww i love my sweetie you are soooooo sweet nahhh my cutie is a sweetheart :-> u there? yes baby do u have sound on? yes k listen to this ok? hope it works how did you do that? did u like it? yes how did you do it? i buzzed oh it only works with this back ground and it's different because of the background wow that's cool ya now everytime i hear that, i know its my sweetie giggle out of joy what time do you have to go to the airport? soon, like maybe in 20 mins or so are  you from the airport? but my flight is not until until 340 i am north of boston since you don't like your cell phone are you gonna give me your home number? so i can call on the cards there? i'm never home...just call my cell ph i should have better reception here oh do u want to call now? company here has toll free no i have to let the phone charge i left it off the hook whops whoops u don't have another ph? the other ones are in my dad's office and in his room and he keeps those locked :( u just don't wanna talk to me [-( :(( that's not nice that's not nice at all awww i'm teasing u , come here >:D i'm sorry :( @};- :-* >:D i just don't want you to think that of me i don't sweetie, i was just teasing u i love you i love you too i am sorry, please don't be mad or sad...please i'm not mad baby promise good #:-S ok q when is your bday? my birthday is on st patty's day 3/17 oh i missed it this yr yep u r very quiet sweetie but i'll get over it lol trying to figure out what i'm hungry fro for i know lol what? me ;) =)) teehee don't worry i'll make up for your bday so what r your plans today? doing anything? just talking to you no silly after i leave here not going out? i don't know maybe go do something i'm not sure like? go to mall chase some boys? hehe i don't need to chase any boys my boy has found me awwwwwwwwwwww :-* that's my girl k how long r u going to be here for? idon't know why? you gonna talk to me from teh airport? i don't have connection but if u call yes oh i thought they had that stuff at the airport for you to log on and stuff they do, i am such a dork like tampa has free inter net access but idk about boston never used it so do i get your home phone? so that we don't have to fight with your cell phone ya 7245979 but call cell ph, and if i home than u can call cell, just don't call when i'm not home :-$  lol brb sweetie have to say bye to everyone be back like in 10 is it 727 too? baby? hi sweetie i'm sorry i'm here ok i'm going to email u, call me on my cell i love you and miss u, :-* how was your bfast sweetie, hope u r thinking about someone while eating!!! hehe take care bye love :) hi baby how r u i'm good. how are you? so tired, just walked into house, and 1st thing i'm doing is open up a laptop with a hope that u r here how was your flight? i am here waiting for you it was ok, got delayed due to weather guess what? what? i probably heard that song.."you are beautiful..." like 15 times on the plane while just thinking about u on like an mp3 or something? no delta has these old "Songs" plane which has tv's and cd's speaking of MP3 i need to get an ipod yeah cos then i can send  you songs and stuff guess what? well i bought one but didn't work so gotta return it what you are home now so now i can get pics yes yay me lol yes sweetie u can but r u gonna give me a chance to like take shower and freshen up or do i have to fire up my computer now? hmmmmmm :-SS i guess the nice thing is to let you shower yeahhh =D> u don't want your bf to be stinky eh? i just want him happy right now only u make me happy wish u were here why? so i can have my sweetie and i can love her but you love me now right? ofcourse but i want to hold u hug u look in your eyes and wisper, i love you ? i love you too angel i just was waiting to see if there was more lol lol u just wanna keep heaaring how much i love u don't u? or waiting for a part where i carry u to our bed? lol >:) k u must be busy i'm not busy my computer is being mean to me or i'm probably boring u awwww you're not boring me baby i love everything you say to me and yes i was kinda waiting to see where you were going did u get my emails that i sent before i left work? yes and i would say ty but i can't so ..... well just imagine this, we are at our moutain cabin..high up in sky...there r trees everywhere...ita beautiful evening...birds quiet down... we are out on a porch .... i am sitting ona swing...u r laying on my lap... as we slowly swing u r looking at the preety stars..up in sky.. meanwhile i'm looking at two most beautiful brightest stars (your eyes)... as i look into your eyes..i play with your hair...i slowly brush them back..with my fingers..just loving my sweetie every moment...and her beautiful face..that makes even distant moon look dull.... i don't know what to say that's so pretty as my sweetie gets lost in her dream.. and continue starring at stars... i slowly come down.... and kiss her forehead...as i continue to brish her and play with her hair well u can agree and let me if u like what we are gonna do or u can say, stop this shit...u r boaring me....lol you aren't boring me do not stop this shit ok than lol i kiss your forehead than i come close to yours and as i lean forward u close those 2 beautiful eyes and i kiss them as i kiss them your heartrate increases... u start breathing faster... i continue loving u...slowly come close to your ears.. and wisper..i love you sweetie than i look at your soft pink lips....and kiss them just a quick soft kisss now u don't feel like u r on this planet.. and as my lips touch yours...u open your mouth to catch a deep breath.. and in those split secs..i slide my toung..in your mouth... with intimate kissing... u with your close eyes..open up your arms..and pull me closer to u and we continue...kissing #:-S wow i have never typed this much on chat lol sounds like i put u to sleep lol no way not at all ok are ya gonna stay here or are you gonna shower lol so that i can have pics greedy huh? :( u just want pics, not me lol yes my girl is greedy..she is very demamding... lol i just want to be able to look at you all the time even when you aren't home i know, ok how long r u gonna be here? ? ?? u there? i'll be here til you're done talking to me so like until midnight? lol until midnight on sunday if you want where do u keep disappearing? y until sun midnight? i thought you were saying that you would want to talk until midnight and i was saying i would keep talking to you until sunday at midnight if i could i'm a dork sorry oh hey don't be calling my sweetie names!! so go and shower cos i want my pics yes dear and click your computer on when you walk by so it's ready when you get hout out ok give me 10 ok? but before that give me my 3 things >:D :-* :D =D> yay me i love my sweetie so much and your sweetie loves her bf so much hope more thna i love her go shower i love you your ten minutes take forever :-* ten minutes my foot you were gone almost an hour *sniff* :-O awwww come here..>:D :-* :-* :-* >:D sounds like u missed me oh wait i doubt u missed me, i think u miss my pic not me =)) mean that's it i'm not talking to you i'm going to pout now :-O i am sorry :( :( :( :( i am sorry sweetie okay but i do want a pic lol :-O u just like seeing your bf beg for forgiveness don't u? :-? lol ? u there? k guess not i got it silly and your gorgeous lol nahhh happy now? somewhat gonna give me more? trying to find more yes.. i usually take pics so i have like maybe 3-4 pics lol k u can delete now lol why? i want to be able to see my bf all the time shit i found another and deleted what do you mean deleted? hang on sec i know where it is that's the waitress one right yes in phillipines why'd you go to the philipines work i used to live in australia new zeland really? why'd you move? idk..wish i could go back... wify wants to go back to new zeland kids were born in aussie r u mad? you have kids? i thought you only had one/ ? 2 oh so one boy one girl? yup what's wrong? sorry for what? my system just went slow that's all idk u seems mad oh ok let me know when u r back ? i'm back baby what's wrong? u r very quiet nothing baby i'm sorry just can't get my computer to play nice ok , i love you i love you too baby got any more? :-O y do u want more cos i love you are ya looking? yes u know what? i was trying to create our pic!! hehe but its not working yay u should come here how? idk u want me to pick u up? lol or wish i could come there do you travel this week? every week when r u free? where are you going this week? same boston to boston again? why? i have to go there for 3 more weeks than i am starting a project in Toronto when will you be home next week? same i'll be here on weekends y when r u free? i dont' know for sure but my daddy is home this weekend but i don't know about next weekend :( i know, i'm sorry baby i didn't know until tonight he was gonna be home its ok i guess nothing we can do are you breaking up with me now? noooooo y u want me to? no but since i can't see you. i thought you'd be mad noooo just disappointed but for u sweetie i would wait forever besides u can't get rid of me that easily! lol yay that makes me happy very very happy i love you but u didn't call i waited for so long at the airport i'm sorry baby i'll brb kay? i'm back baby ok didja miss me? for those who two minutes? whole u have to ask? lol  ofcourse i missed u..i miss u every moment q is do u ever miss me? :-? always took u long time to say that eh? r u busy chatting with others too? i mean its ok if u r..i don't wanna sit here wait for like 5 mins for your replies no i had to talk to my daddy for a second ok give me just a minute more :-w i'm done and see it was only two minutes you're like me totally impatient teehee well as it is its hard to live w/o u and than on top u keep running away from me... lol oh you are sooooo sweet i love you so much i know u love me..that's cause u r my girl see again u left i didn't i'm right here i was just so happy reading what you said over and over and over awww well i hope u will love me same way as u down after weeks / months/ years / ... always always you are just so good to me well anyone would be..thanks to your big heart trust me not everyone is nice to me :-O  well from now on they better..otherwise they'll be sorry...noone hurts my girl's feelings really? ofcourse...u r my girl and my girl always stay happy noone can ruin that :D rule three lol awwww but i rather stop u by kissing u than just stop lol you're so good to me i hope that's a good thing /:) it is totally a good thing how could it not be? i don't know why my computer is sooooo slow today u wanna reboot? cause i am falling asleep just watching blank screens here are you tired of me baby? noooo i'm tired at looking at blank screen i can never be tired of u kay i forgot to turn on the air in the house today i'm kinda warm awww than take clothes off lol silly it's not like i'm wearing a turtle neck lol how come you signed out? ya but even than... i'm here sweetie just avoiding anyone else got other girlfriends ya right.. if i did i wouldn't be dreaming of u day and night i love you wouldn't be seeing u in every girl who walks by and has a cowboy hat wouldn't be listening to james blunt song 15 times in 2 hrs you are soooo sweet wouldn't be dreaming of our cabin in mountains nahhhhhhh u r my sweetheart i love you but i love you more do u like this background? it's cute do you want another one? not as cute as u almost said thank you lol ok new deal everytime u say ty or sorry..u will have to kiss me that manytimes in real well then ty ty ty sorry sorry sorry up to six now yay me lol shhuuush don't be greedy! lol but that's me giving you a kiss that's not greedy that's giving awwww see told u my sweetie has big heart!!! she just keeps giving anything for you i just want you to be happy well u make me happy your each breath makes me happy i love  you do you want me to call you nick or nitesh? nitesh or u r welcome to create your own name lol like honey or sugar or turkeylurkey lol like how i have a name for u...its...shorty-sweet-sexy-preety-princess-cute-caring-cara turkeylurkey :-?  lol i'll have to think of one nicer ok that's your homework lol i think i'm going to go to the library tomorrow oh good i'll come join u lol yeah? well if u want me to anything with you would make me happy i know i feel same way, even if we don't say anything...our eyes would do all the talking yep just to be near you y r u going to library? just cos just something to do they say it might rain tomorrow u don't like rain? i do just not to stand in it for no reason besides not much else to do really ginnie is gone and my dad is home so my bf can't come over awwww but your bf can go to library ;) but i think the first time i see my bf, i would want to spend lots and lots of time with him we can, besides every second is like years together for me when do you fly out on monday? sunday you fly out on sunday? yes sun evening y u wanna come? to boston? ya wow let me think of something to tell my daddy brb i'm going to reboot kay? k hi baby hi back? guess not i am back that's why i sent a hi baby silly lol oh i thought u were trying to send that to other window...lol no you're kidding right? yes i like teasing u lol that way u get mad and i get to kiss u and make up =P~ you want to kiss me? before you said i was being greedy about kisses ofocurse i wanna kiss u, again and againand again... and again? and again until u get sick of me than again i would kiss u i'll never be sick of you never promise? swear u wanna be my girl forever? forever until you don't want me anymore don't say that i want u now i wanted u yesterday and i will want u tomorrow i love  you i love u too a lot this >:D y can't u be here with me now :(( wanna know how much i love you? yes take your thumb and your pointer finger and push them together as tight as you can like really really tight ok ilove you that much wanna know hwy what? that's like a pinch yes y? cos with us being that close, noone and nothing can come between us :)  awwwww i am sorry sweetie, for a sec i was doubting u thinking u only love me as much as the space between those 2 fingers i am sorry i love you i love you too but now you're happy with my reason? very very very happy but still sad that u can't be in my arms but soon i know wish that soooon was now 8-> me too me too what u doing tomorrow? i already said remember library yep what time r we going? lol how far are you fromme i think 3-4 hrs that's not too far not at all especially for my girl i love you me too what's on your brain? just u and those books at library what books do you like idk...haven't read much for a while now whatever u read i'll listen just laying in your lap i love you i love u too it's late now i think we should go to bed do u want to? i really soooooooo want to see u no i don't want to go to bed i just thought you'd been up so long today its ok, i'll go to bed, if i have to drive to talle!!!! tomorrow morning..other wise i'm ok we'll talk for a bit more baby? sorry got disconnected it's okay what's wrong? nothing why? u r not tlaking i thought you were waiting for your computer to catch up no i am here all good u ok? yeah just got attacked by bots they just kept coming and coming and coming that's what happnes when u spend too much time in chat rooms and not enough with your bf lol but i'm not talking to anyone in the chat room i know, but even if u just go in there they find u then i will get out cos they make me mad lol sweetie mad????? never i'm never mad at you i know k sweetie i'll leave u to your fighting in chatrooms..take care i got out baby ? i am here its ok u didn't have to leave i must have bored u to death, that u either fall asleep or occuping yourself with chatting nope i'm getting rid of boys who are trying to talk to me telling them i already have a bf ok i don't want any one but you talking to me i don't mind sweetie is u talk to them, just don't ignore me...like how u did tonigh i'm sorry baby i wsn't wanting to talk to them i was trying to get them to go away all i want is you ok it's late though i'm kinda tired ok are you going to stay on? cos if you're going to stay on, then i'm going to stay on y? u should get some sleep sweetie because i dont' want to go to bed and not be able to talk if you're wanting to talk i want to talk to u every moment and every sec but u need your rest too sweetie okay i love ou you i know i love u too y can't i see u tomorrow sweetie? cos my daddy will be here but let me try to get away kay? oh ok but if u do decde to go out u have to give me like 4 hrs notice lol okay i will i have the calling card do you want me to call home or cell? cell, cause i'll be running around okay i love ou you sleep sweet i love u too, and miss u alot i miss you too baby ttyl k take care i went to bed at 340 AM and got up at 8..(:|  this is all your fault sweetie...u keep me up day and night..cause i'm sooooooo in love....hope u r getting your beauty sleep..luv ya hope u like the card i sent u, just my way of saying i miss u sweetie :-* :) >:D >:D >:D hi how are you? hey happy how r u good tired but i have been trying to sign on all day same here, and just kept trying until i got through ya i must have tried like 10,000 times thank you for my card i even called jess and court and they had same prob....stupid yahoo no ty lol who are jess and court? i missed u i missed you friends i was hoping u would call since yahoo didn't work but i sat in front of oh too :( ? ph oh i was like what? lol how was your day? do anything exciting? not really i was hoping that ginnie would be back but i guess it's two more weeksw weeks y didn't u call me? :( i don't know i tried once and youdidn't answer so i thought maybe you didn't want to talk to me so what happnes when ginnie comes back? i guess i'll be history eh? when ? i was near ph all the time i'm not sure what time its ok, next time just keep calling please okay i promise i missed u so much sweetie i missed you too angel nahhh u r my sweet angle hey how many horses did u have? do u have pics of your horses? ? i had three and i have pics i just don't have them on the computer oh ok, do u miss them? so much who r they with now? my mom has them she said she might sell them though which sucks awwwwwww  y can't u get them here? no my dad doesn't want the hassle that sucks and my mom is doing it just to be mean awwwww but no matter what u r still gonna smile right? :D that's my girl i know sweetie its easy to say smile, but atleast promise me u'll try i promise to try k ready for next file? lol this is what i was thinking all day.. ? u there? things went crazy here what's wrong? i was reading oh ok lol awww those r your bed time stories sweetie not now lol sorry did you write this? nooooo i am not that good of a writer...but kind of says what i want to say it's sweet so r u sick of those emails yet? lol no not at all so its ok if i send things like that, to say or express how i feel about my girl? btw about 2 hrs ago i went to Barnes and Nobles and looked for poem book and found this so wrote it down for u!! :-$ yeah? found what? the one i sent u have i ever... it's beautiful so u seee u r in my and more in my heart all the time i love you so much i love u too btw what grade r u goingin to? 10th in the fall wow into three weeks wow i need to go shopping HS....y what u need to buy? so u r looking forward to HS ? don't tell me clothes, makeup, shoes, nailpolish,......lol maybe just a little u want me to take u? that could be cool that would be really cool you could help me pick out stuff yup hey wait a min...u r not gonna make me carry the shopping bags r u?? :-?  lol and my purse i'll brb k u there sweetie? are you here? yes there u r yes i am i don't know what happened i was here then i was gone and now i'm back again oh lol it's like magic damn yahoo is trying to keep us apart lol tomorrow i have to go to boston yahoo won't succeed what time do you fly out? noap, neither yahoo nor anything else! flight is at 740 but i have a board meething at 530 for "Woman to Woman" how are you going to do that ? if you leave at 740 meeting is close to airport so i'll go to mtg than at 645-7 i'll leave for airport maybe i'll come back thursday night if u want so i'll have fri sat off can you do that? come home early? ya not everyweek but if u want me to, i can that would be soooooooo cool ya.. i can just see myself sitting and looking in your eyes all day!!! lol what would we do if you came home early? depends, maybe we can go shopping if u like..depending on how much time we have kay hang on i have to show u something okay is it a pic? do i get to see more pics of my bf? lol its a pic but not me lol hmph give me a sec sorry took me a while but this is what my laptop screen look like!!!! you're so sweet nahhhh my sweetie is a sweetheart i think i'm gonna enlarge and just keep those eyes on the screen they r soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo preety i love you luv u too now u know y i was talking to u abaout your eyes so much when we were talking about mountain cabin..and porch...and looking in your eyes.... just love those eyes they r sooo beautiful you make me think you might really love me what u mean i might really love u? just i've never really been loved so i dont' really know what it is well its love when u eat drink breath every moment thinking about other person i love you its love when it hurts knowing that person u love to cuddle is not in your arm awwww u know y u haven't been loved? cause u were kept secreat jus for me and now that i found u..u'll be loved ever sec ever momemnt of this time but its ok sweetie if u have doubts whatcha thinking baby? thinking if am good enough to love my sweetie the way she should be loved..cared..admire... I said somthing to you today and I know you must have heard; you're the only one who ever has that's cause they don't know the beauty of your heart...sorry i'm being selfish but its good they don't know, otherwise they would try to steal my girl from me..... it won't happen they can't steal me you have my heart yup :-> and i am keeping it yay me :-* :-* i want real kiss lol me too baby besides u owe me plenty for those ty's and sorry's lol that's right ty ty ty sorry sorry sorry now i'm up to a dozen yay me :-O  u r getting into more and more debt with those kisses!! yep yay me hey if u keep kissing me when will i ge t a chance to wisper "I love you sweetie" in your ears??? You know you're in love when he's all you ever think about, he's all you ever dream about, he's the one you wake up thinking about. is that true? yes, well that's what they say...but i know if that's trye for u...is it? so very true does that happn to u? i haven't been able to do anything but think of you really? well i am sure when ginni comes back u'll slowlely forget that i exixt.... no way i am afraid that you will forget about me that i might, but than very next sec your heart that i'm keeping will remind me that there is still my girl out there... so no [-( i will not forget u :-* good cos you're like my very first bf and i hope u keep your 1st bf for a long long long time.. Before I met you I never knew what it was like to smile for no reason. Girls are like stars... so many to choose from but only one can make my dreams come true. oh you are sooonice thanks to u lol see what u do to people??? just being with u, makes person sweeter just like u thank you i'll brb k are you back? i am here sweetie what u doing tomorrow? not sure why? just asking.. what are you doing tomorrow? well by the time i get up it will be time to eat pack bacg and hopefully talk to u than leave.. oh shit just remember, i have to go shopping, i don't have a carry on!! i have to go but one okay don't forget you have to go shopping for a carry on oh thanks sweetie for reminding me but u have to remind me tomorrow kay lol lol so q? r u gonna have some time to maybe lets say even for a min to think about me? maybe just every minute of every day :-O  ok u can do that now..but when school stars, bf takes a back seat and school first speaking of which..lol how r u doing in school? i'm good i'm a good studen doggonit student lol good lol cause u know other wise our every night phone calls will become lectures lol lol i don't want lectures i know, u won't sweetie, u will only get love and love and more love that's all i want :-O i thought u wanted me?? [-( lol i want your love which means you silly lol i know i like to tease my girl good cos your girl likes  it oh ya? so what else my girl likes it? everything about her bf his sweet words and his beautiful face and the way he makes me feel awwwwww is that a good awwwww ? lol yes sweetie, i'm speechless u know what? As long as there is a breath in my lungs and a beat in my heart I will love you whatcha thinking  baby? u really wanna know?  well i am thinking about out cabin in  mountain where we sit quietly and talk and talk and play..and i bring your horses to u ... oh you're so sweet i just wanna see u happy you make me happy ya i'll try my best sweetie... to keep u smiling always so i'll talk to my daddy about giving me money for shopping this week u don't have to so i can get myschool clothes andstuff there's governors square here in town we can go to oh ok if u want i'll come back day early and we can go on friday? ya kay cool i would like that me too, i can't wait.. oh oh i just realize..this means i'm gonna have to carry bags :-SS yep unless you dont' want to go no no  i want to i was just teasing u hey if i have to carry u, i'll do that too lol i can walk lol and run and ride a horse!! lol that's right silly have u told u recently i love you this >:D :-* mmm love the way u kiss lol tease no tease..i do lol really? yes u r the best kisser whatcha thinking? about us...kissing and making love do you still want to? do i want to do what? what you were just thinking kissing and making love? kissing def, making love that's up to u, u don't have to rush ? i still want you to be my first you said you wanted to be do you? yes but only when u r ready, but yes i wanna be your first love in everything, letters, hugs, kisses, shopping, sex,  making love.....everything i love you i love u more nuhuh uhhuh hey remind me on fri to buy u your bday gift too! lol i knwo its late lol silly and u know what i want from u right? lol three things >:D :-* :D :x :-P :-O awwww u remember,,,i love you so much sweetie did i put u to sleep? lol no good cause i want to carry u to bed and put to sleep myself...i'll sit by your pillow side as u sleep you are so good to me i have been sooooo lonely until you awww sorrry sweetie for not coming early..but now my sweetie will never be lonely...but i think now she be happy yay me i want to put u in bed , cover the blanket and than sit by your pillow..and caress your forehead as u doze off while i tell u about a beautiful smart princess name cara and a dork name nitesh =)) lol you aren't a dork you're my bf oh so your bf is not a dork? lol my bf is beautiful and kind my bf loves me and i love him awwwww damn now i have to rewite that story! lol but it will have such a happy ending that is true..actually this story has hapiness thruout the story fromstart to finish.. r u sleeping? no sorry had to go potty ok that's one place i'm not going to carry u to lol lol no that's uckas exectly, lol but i do think i'm going to go to bed i'm tired awwww ok i think i'll do same.. but i'll dream about u sweetie like i do every other night meet me in our dreams? yes, our happy dream at our house Sometimes I hug my pillow and dream of you. Sometimes I wish I could be hugging you and dreaming of my pillow. lol you're too sweet not as sweet as my girl u r the best love ok try to come tomorrwo on chat if not email me, and i'll do same and please call me pleeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeease i'm dying to hear your voice and if u need a ph card let me know okay baby i'll call tomorrow ok, i love you and miss u a lot ok sweetie i am going to bed, take care love good night :-* >:D sleep sweet i will darling, and u do same for me okay bye sweet shorty sexy preety princess cute caring care :-h luv ya :-* i love you too thank you for my card awwww u r up so early sweetie i know i was thinking of going back to bed lol lol u want me to take u? lol maybe do u always get up early? no just couldn't sleep awww what's wrong? u ok? ya i was trying to find a card with horse...wanted to get it to u before u got up...but i guess u beat me to it...u got up before me but it was nice to have it pop up and say i had mail ya just let me know when u get sick of those emails!! lol  otherwise i'll just continue sending ..... lol i love this one i'll never get sick of it what my emails or me? lol both ok, so u don't mind me sending u these things, ?? btw which email is better, cause i sent it to both.. no, i think it's wonderful it doesn't matter i'll get it from the gmail later ok.. i am so hungry whatcha going to have? idk..wheetbix..banana...milk...oj...but all this after i have my sweetie in my thoughts.. wait what r u making for bfast for us? that's such a healthy breakfast i love me some lucky charms ahhhhh so my charm is working...lol yep :-O i just remember i need to find pic of these horses i took in phillipins i would love that yes i don't wanna telll u but wait until u see what they do to their horses...it is soooooooo cute seee now u got me thinking nothing but horses (:| i know the feeling you're silly ty :-> can't do that :-O awww so now i am getting in debt toooo...sorry...:-* see you did a ty and a sorry you're getting really bad i'm ***** :-$ i wanna cuddle...pich your cheeks and kiss your forehead every morning.. pinch** is your wife gonna stay in australia? no..she comes back aug 5 she wants to move to New zeland its funny i called my daughter last night..she is very close to me..and she was telling me that she tried using a ph card to call my cell..but got answering machine..i asked y she wanted to call she is like she has so many things to tell me...lol and she is only 8 lol sweet did you read her a bedtime story? no they r 15 hours ahead so timing doesn't work i love you i love you oh oh? oh about the time difference oh whatcha thinking? nothing just thinking about u you should eat only if u make bfast [-( otherwise i'm going on hunger strike lol i like the white with pink that's sooooo pretty lol i knew u were gonna like that one.. i had another one where there were like 4-5 of them lined up ..very colorful...but i can't find it sooooo cute why'd you go to the philipines? work bellsouth has a call center there for their DSL cunstomers..so train executives there next time when i go, u r coming with me oh wait no if there is no school..lol i can go with you? i want to take u, yes..than i can take u everywhere..just me and my sweetie.. but u have to turn 18 right before u can travel on your own?  otherwise i would have booked a flight for u to boston now, we could have done our shopping in boston i don't know i don't travel much but, if an adult books my flight ..... maybe next weekend ya anyone can book it , but u have to travel with adult or need permission.. from parents.. ya let me know if u want to go on fri shopping, so i cna change my flight to thursday night i can tell you tomorrow is that okay? ya no hurry, even if u tell me like tuesday or wed..just don't wait until thursday lol okay but sooner the better yeah? yup, arilines tickets are always more exp at the last min i'm tired me too, and i was gonna ask u to make bfast for us..but since sweetie is tired..i'll let her rest.. what do  you want for breakfast? your love well that's easy you've got that well than after that boost maybe eggs..toast..juice...whatever u feel like making.. and don't worry..i'll do the dishes kay anyway i am gonna eat and than go out and come back after lunch if u r still up.. okay baby i love you don't forget to buy your carry on i love you too... :-O awww ty..u remembered..actually i forgot all about that i would have just returned the ipod and come back, and at 2-3 i would be like #-o  how am i gonna take my clothes hehe that would have sucked ya than i would have blamed u for not remindingme lol and we could have been in our 1st argument....lol rude lol hey that's what gf's r for :-P  lol to pick on? i thought i was here to be love d :-P well both!! :->   see the more i pick..the more u go like this [-(  so  more i have to work ahrder to make u smile...meaning more loving and caring for my sweeetie yay me :( yay u? what about me and my needs :(( awwww honey you know i love you :D ;;) i know, just wanted to hear it from u again and again ..hehe  >:) kay i will ttyl? ok take care get some sleep kay and just for your info..i love u more lol ttyl :-* :-* >:D luv ya :D :x :-P awww u always remmeber to give me my 3 things lol ty sweetie now see ~x( you've said ty two more times you're gonna owe me more than i will owe you haha love you ttyl bye sweetie awww my sweetie always promises to call and never calls and doesn't even even write when i am gone ... :(( but i still love her [-( hi baby i didn't get back up until three i'm sorry :-O i missed u i was about to go shower before i head out okay did you get your luggage and stuff ? cos you're meeting is in less than an hour yes dear k will u be here for a while? yep i will will you sign on when you get to the hotel too? k let take a shower and get ready so i can tlak to u than for like 5-10 yes def okay but it will be late like midnight i'll be here ok good, meanwhile go read your email i was writing to u and u logged in, i'll tlak to u soon love luv ya love you too you're back but now you have to go yes for like 2-3 mins lol :( can't be late no i won't sweetie wow how much do u sleep?? u slept all day? cos i was up all night with you silly well and i was up too, but i didn't get to sleep.. and knowing u , u'll keep me up tonight too absolutely and you'll love it lol do i have a choice? lol k sweetie say bye to your dorky bf hehe /:) awww now u r gone ok well have fun sweetie.. and call me if u can like between now and 530 ok? okay i'll ttyl i love you there u r m, r u mad? and you're not dorky no, i went to get something to drink oh ok k well i'm out now, luv ya and miss ya heaps...and when i get into boston can expect an email ? lol i love you too yes boy took u long time to say yes! lol 'k bye sorry anyway have fun chatting, good night baby i sent you a message you didn't say anything ya it said "sorry" i got that msg thanks baby what's the matter? nothing, i had a choice of sitting at airport or rent a car and come back home so i can tlak to u, but i guess u r busy so anyway..let me know when u can tlak i can talk now i'm sorry and top, someone promises a ph call and email...but hey that's what promises r for right ? so we can break them...its ok..anyway how was your day i am a horrible girlfriend nooooooooo its not that i'm so sorry baby my daddy wanted to do a father daughter day i'm sorry its ok i understand, even if u had drop a line that says "sorry busy with dad" even that much i understand..or better yet don't make promises cause i ask u to make them how r u ? i'm okay i am sorry for what? getting mad i let you down i understand i was bad no u r not bad.. anyway what u doing nothing nothing at all i'm sorry your flight was delayed y r u sorry for that? not your fault? i know but now you will get no sleep well that's what u wanted didn't u?  lol only i wanted it because of me not because of a flight true nitesh? yes? i love you how much? . this much . hmm? that's blank there's a period there i figure that's what would fit in your pinch ahhhh ya but did u know i love u more? nuhuh if we go to court for decision i think i would win!! lol judge would say yes "nitesh loves her cara more than anything else think so do you? :-> i know so! lol i love you love u too so what timedo you have to leave for the airport y u want me to leave? lol kidding..oh lets see flight is at 1240 hang on let me check the status i don't want you to leave baby i just don't want you late i know sweetie leave at 1248 okay so what time do you have to leave here? ummmm  sooooon lol okay i'm kinda sad awww y? cos i don't want you to go but my heart is with u promise? swear it? yes i swear i love you i love u too, hope one day u'll call or write email lol take care sweetie and be good lol love u heaps bye sweetie i love you ttyl be safe hi sweetie, i am work sooooooooo sleepy but i'll stay invisible and in and out from mtgs so if u log in just buzz me, if i am around i'll buzz back!! lol  luv ya :( awww i waited all day, now u came and gone...:(( u couldn't wait for few mins? :(( k must very busy to find time to write :( btw i spent all day creating something for u, but i am sure u get that a lot from others too, take care bye..atleast i type msg rather than just a ding.. are you here? its about time u showed up lol i was here for like an hour oh really? i didn't get anything except one "ding" when i came to hotel anyway how r u? i'm okay are you still coming home early on friday? i haven't talked to boss yet he comes in tomorrow morning, but yes should be ok u still wanna go? yep how long are you gonna stay ? its all up to u, before i forget i have something i wanna give u, oh yeah? yes hope u like it i didn't put my name cause if u had enough with me, u can still keep this!! lol i couldn't have enough that's not nice :-SS that is beautiful not as beautiful as my girl lol this is what i did all day at work! lol :-$ lol hope u like it, sorry sweetie for now only epics and ecards i can give u! brb k :(( u just got here and already brb :(( :-w my computer isn't working right awwww sounds like i have to get u a laptop no that's way expensive well for priceless sweetie...nahhh not that exp.. boy your computer is really messed up, takes u long time to reply :(( lol no i'm gonna try rebooting kay? i love you k louv u too ok i can't keep my eyes open now, if u get here call, which i know u won't..take care..i miss u and love you are you here baby? i'll call in a few minutes.  i love you awwwww u hung up on me :((  thanks sweetie for calling, here if u get on call hotel no..978-777-2500  room 808 i'm going back to bed, i love you, and fri, i can stay for weekend if u want me to, its up to u, i just have to fly back to boston on sun...i love you i love you :-* hi thank you for the card well, i guess i'll ttyl.  i love you. u there? where  ru sweetie, i just stepped away for 5 mins and u left.. come backkkkkkkkkkk :((  btw i sent an email to your gmail account too :) hey how are you? #:-S finally u r here lol i am good how  ru i'm good i need to check my gmail lol u r a one busy girl!! even for your bf..lol i just try to stay busy while you're at work awwwww i'm just teasing u sweetie, but i miss tlaking to u so did you talk to your boss? not yet he came this morning and left for another project, but he is coming back this evening, but yes it will be ok i'll fly back to tampa thursday evening so i can come there on fri okay when do you think you can be here on friday? that's up to u, what time u want me to come, so i'll just leave tampa like 3-4 hrs before that time, so what time u r free, or what time suites u i dunno let me call my dad and see when he's working that day brb k can you be here about two? yes that should be ok where r we meeting? at mall? the library i'll get directions from mapquest ok good, also when u get a chance see if u can get library no too, so i can call incase if i get lost yes/no?? yeah ok so what's new? nothing really r u busy? k looks like u r, let me know when u r free no baby the messages are just coming slowly oh how come your msg r always slow, do u have dial up? yeah my dsl is down right now k do u wanna IM me when u r back up? i guess is that okay? i don't have a choice do i? usually gf's are always dying to call/email/chat...with their bf's. ..but u don't seem to care for all that... angel don't be that way i just don't want to disappoint you how do u disappont me by tlaking? by taking a while i'm not talking about just now, i'm just speaking generally,... i mena i look foward to seeing your emails, IM or rec calls...anyway i guess i just miss u more than u miss me no that's not true i just try to keep myself busy i think about you all the time ALL of the time really i do good, than i take it back what i said.. i've been trying all weekend to get my dad to know that i'm gonna go shopping friday so he wont' think it's weird that i'm asking for money or to go but u should tell me lots of things..like what u like dislike..what makes u smile..what makes u smile..that's the only way i get to know my sweetie k but don't worry about money part does he know how u r going shopping?? lol yep oh no i mean lol he knows i'm going shopping but he didn't ask u how u'll go shopping? or have gone before like this? or with who or with whom u r going shopping with he lets me go to the square by myself and i'm always going to the library oh ok it take it u usually walk or bike ride there? probably close distance? take the bus sometimes oh they have transportation system there? that's good yeah it's okay cos i like the library and the museum by what time u'll have to go back home? oh ya? how is museam there any good? i dunno i like it i was waiting to find out how long you were gonna stay i can stay all weekend if u want its all up to u that's y i emailed u on your gmail account.. well lets just say i wan to spend as much time as posible with u okay me too @};- @};- @};- where are ya gonna stay? hotel, unless your bed is big enough for 2 of us! lol kidding i just dunno what my dad would say oh i am sure he would kill both of us lol but i'll stay there fri night if i can see u on sat...cause if i can't than no point in paying for hotel, right? true i'll see you every day you're here awwwwww >:D i'll be with you every minute i can do you want me ask my dad if i can stay the night at a friends? r u sure? i mean that would be perfect that i can have u all day and night but i don't want u to get in trouble i won't if i'm telling him i'm staying at a friends if i just didn't come home he'd be mad but, not if i told him but u have a friend who can cover for u? like have stayed at friend's place before? yep ok well if u can stay with me that night that's even better yeah? would you want me to stay with you? yes kay just make sure u don't get in trouble i won't i promise ok good, i love u sweetie i love you too ya but i love u more :-> whatever you know that's not true awwwwww come here >:D how was work? >:D :-* :D so when r u sending me more pics? btw 3 u sent which one most recent? :x the one that's on my profile ahhh so u remember your 3 things u owe me eh? lol work is good, i have 2 more weeks in boston than i have to travel to toronto, canada for my next project that will be interesting one cause i have 3 girls working for me!!!! hehe :-SS oh yeah? why is that interesting? cause idk, its easy to manage guys, cause if i get pissed than i tell them off, with girls have to be polite!! hehe ooooh hopefully maybe by winter we can travel, so i can take u up there yeah? ya, do u ski? nope never have we will just have to find ways so your dad can let u travel!!! ;) kay ok but would u want to try, like do u like trying out new things, ? yep totally good, and u r ok with travel? yep good one of my client just walked in and gave me some grapes lol what kind? and is she feeding them to you? lol no i would not let anyone feed me, except u, and its HE lol idk they r kind of sour oh whoops but u should be proud of your bf cause they all like him!!! yeah? yes they want to keep me here that's good :-O isee so u don't care if they keep me here eh? [-( lol well you'll always come home and it's better than toronto no they want to keep me here for good...like permnent job, so like make boston home.. oh no you tell them i said no duh lol ya but than they'll say y do u listen to your girl?? :-? because i'm the one who loves you that is so true btw do u wanna know how much i love you? how much? more than there are stars in sky.. :-* you are too sweet to me nahhh u r a sweetheart speaking of that, i haven't sent u anything recently have i? you sent me a card this morning i know but no poems nope that's ok i am sure u don't miss them lol rude you're mean to me sometimes hmph awwww i'm sorry sweetie i'm teasing u hmph lol come here >:D what's hmph ??? lol is that same as hmmmmmm r u mad at me? it's me pouting lol oh so u still love me? more than you know that's my girl that's my sweet smart sexy preety princess cute caring care :x cara oops sorry :( now sorry's oops i guess i owe u mwahhhhh eh? hang on :)] kay boss on ph kay sorry back that was david he wants to go to boston for dinner, u r very quiet sweetie?? u ok? yeah my dad wants to go to dinner too btw think about where we wanna go for dinner fri night okay as long as us and your dad don't show up at same resturent..lol i think he might go out of town if i tell him i'm staying at a friends house really? wow so i am gonna have my sweetie to myself all weekend...woohooo yep whatcha want to do? day or night? day time we'll go places, shop, movie, dinner, whatever we feel like doing, at night sleep and make love yes / no / maybe / ??? yes duh of course when are you going to dinner? awwww i feel soooooooo special idk, he is suppose to call me back in 5 mins, cause he is in NH right now with diffrent client so i asked him to come to hotel and pick me up we r about 30 mins north of boston, well i am oops sorry when?  soon okay i'm gonna make my daddy wait then :-O y? until you can't talk so that we can talk until you have to go awwww have i told u i love you u sure sweetie, i don't wanna take away your dad's girl away from him.. but i want to talk to you btw have u been smiling as u promised?? i know but we can talk tonight sweetie just make sure u send me emails!!! lol..u should write pages and pages of emails... lol u there??????/ y do u always leave w/o saying bye????? ~x( fine there u r sorry locked up i was getting mad lol sorry i see that i am sorry @};- :-* :x >:D sooooooooooooooooooooooooo sorrryyyyyyyyy :( sweetie? i'm here it'sokay #:-S u always go quiet, it got locked up i couldn't do anything i couldn't even sign out oh, damn yahoo trying to sep us, still smiling? yep :D does it lock up cause u have too many windows open? good i don't know what happened make sure u keep up with that smile!!! i think it's the dial up k oh speaking of that, u hung up on me last night :((  u called me and like in a min u hung up.. i was so out of it....was too sleepy last night :-S cos i couldn't hear you at all oh ok do u need a card sweetie? :-c a phone card? ya haven't used yours up yet ok i picked up AT one from sam's club, u can use that, and as it goes i'll just recharge so u don't have to write diffrent nons, just 1 800 no and card no until i get u a cell ph okay cool remind me tonnight, will u be on later on? yep i will dave just called he is on his way, ok i'll try to get on it will be late like 11-12 if now, or call me.. i love you sweetie okay i love you can i go now? :( okay :) k take care i loveyou i know! :-* bye sweetie and i love u too kay, well it's late, so i'm going to go to bed but i wanted to let you know that i love you hope you had a nice night and a great dinner and i'll talk to you soon. kay? sleep sweet my prince did u leave sweetie? i am sorry sweetie i missed u by like a min or two, anyway i'll write u an email now beofre i go to bed, i love you sweetie morning sweetie, i love you :-* i miss my sweetie...:( >:D hi how are you? ok, just came out of 2 hrs meeting...(:| u? i've been bored senseless thank you for my beautiful email guess what? wait wait did you talk to your boss? yes i am flying back thursday night are you coming home early? yay yay yay yup btw i might be slow in responding, he sitting right here lol oh sssshhh i'll leave you alone then noooo as it is u don't write much lol and when i find u , i wanna talk to u ouch that's harsh awww come here >:D it's okay you're right but i miss u i know i miss you too so we r still on for fri? yep totally yey what time are you gonna be here? u want me to be there at 2? yep if that's okay that gives me enough time to make sure my daddy has left yes, don't forget to email me the address of library oh i'll do that right now email while i'm thinking of it i know what's your address i'll do a mapquest to get directions :-O u don't know my email address? not your email address where you live so i can get directions from door to door baby tampa tampa isn't an address i know silly, but just do tampa,fl. cause all i need to know is direction from I-10 which is in your town okay that makes sense or if u want just email me address and ph of library btw when u get bored how come u don't emails to me??? :( i log in like 20 times a day to see if i have an email from u..:( btw how was your dinner cos i don't want you to get sick of me i can never be sick of my girl okay i just worry last night from 5 am i was tossing and turning couldn't sleep just thinking about u 8-> whatcha thinking? thinking about my princess and what she will be like in my arms awwwww i sent you messages before i went to bed last night though not just a ding lol lol yes ty...u know how many times i read that? lol that's all i had from u lol so r u sick of my emails yet? no i love your emails u sure? yeah very sure very very very sure lol wish i could say same about your emails, oh wait what emails? lol kidding :-* mean ouch wounded bleeding need a bandaid quick :-O  :( :-*  there that should help thank you it says from tampa four hours ten minutes i am sorry sweetie, i know i tease u alot ya should be about right i think it will like 3.5 for me brb sweetie luv ya love you i love u more? nuhuh i sent you directions you should have them now yay yup ty u like my pic what pic? on that side window :-> it's not showing ~x( i think it's cos you aren't actually signed in oh nm that i can't at work sorry what/ oh oh i get it u need to send me more pics i don't have  a way to the scanner isn't working :(( [-( so i can ask my daddy if i can use his digi ca;m and then i can take some i guess how old is that clear pic u sent? that's from right before i moved so earlier this year oh ok so its still recent yep i just love your eyes only i don't usually wear hats lol nahh i like my girl w/o hair oh shit, i mena hat u r soooooooooo preety really? yes it's a good thing you meant hat cos i'm not shaving my head :))  i hope not i love u sweetie i love you too i am suprrise sweet princess would want some dorky guy like me...lol whatever you're so HAWT hawt?? lol i can't wait to see u sweetie yeah ? yes i can't even sleep just thinking about u yeah? what are we gonna do? u tell me :-w why are you tapping your fingers ? that's mean awwwww i love when u get mad gives me a chance to kiss u and make it up :-* i love u soooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo much so what r we doing i don't know brb i'm back wanted to get some pop are you still here? yes sorry it's okay so what r we doing? lol whatever you're driving lol whatcha want to do? lol i knew u were gonna say that well day time u tell me, at night i'll tell u lol i know u wanna go shopping we'll have to eat, so dinner ? u there love? :( :(( yep sorry daddy came in he's leaving for a little bit oh what do you mean, day time i tell you, and night you tell me during the day u tell me what we should do at night i'll tell u no i'll show u lol why? what are we gonna do? when? day or night? night we r going to make love that is if u r ready for it, and u want to i totally do i love you so much and i want to prove it i know sweetie, u don't have to prove anything...but yes i want be your first love and for that i plan to love u all night u ok? yep i was just thinking about? about the first time you hold me and the first time you kiss me and the first time that you have me awwwwwww its going to be sooooooo special, we will be lost in each others arms well i wanna  make your first time very special i'm gonna try very hard sweetie to make it very special for u promise? i promise i'll carry u to our bed..and make love to u all night..until u fall asleep i am so glad you found me me too, i'm gonna do everything i can to make u happy as i said in my email, to everyone else you maybe somebody, but for me you are everything to me you are so good to me that's all your fault, cause u r very sweet..and i can't help it.. hey nitesh yes i love you how much? . didja see it awwww yes actually i can see in your eyes your love for me maybe that's y your eyes are shining brighter than the britest star!!!! that's right you are soooooooo sweet but u r my sweetheart hey how r your horses doing? i dunno my mom hasn't answered my calls :-O what kind of mother is she? sorry sweetie do u wanna go visit them? i do and i don't cos i'm afraid i'll miss them even more awwwwww i am sorry sweetie >:D it's okay well u found a new horse for u now! lol whatdo you mean? :-> lol when does your school starts? two weeks awwwwww than sweetie will be sooooooooo busy with school, she won't have time for her bf whatever u look sooooo cute when u get mad!!! than i just feel like kisssing u hmph that's not cool you'll never take me seriously hmph lol :-O  i will after i kiss u thousands of times kay lol your ckeeks r gonna be pushed in so deep cause my lips r gonna be there 24/7 teehee you're silly how are you gonna eat? hmmm u r right i am silly, my lips won't be on your cheeks they will be locked on to your lips!!!! lol better look out someone might think you love me even better!!! they might get jealous that i have a most beautiful girl on this planet basically they will be shocked to see a shiniest star in the universe in my arms!! :-> i loveyou i love u too sweetie a lot brb sweetie, i love u so much i'll behere ty sweetie for waitinng for me for all your 15 yrs of life i love you and keep loving me 4ever... i'm so greatful that i found u well more greatful that u fell in love with me how will i ever repay u for all the love u r giving me? by giving me yours but q is, is my love good enough for a sweetheart like u? completely have i told u i have never come across more sweeter and loving person than u..?  and u know the best part about all this?  that u r all mine!! :x i love you sweetie i'll probably get in to tmapa tomorrow night like midnight okay i'll leave tampa around 11 on fri will u be on fri morning? so we cna figure out how where we will meet in library yep absolutely brb k brb might be while,luv u sorry sweetie it's okay dave wanted to go over andrew's evaluation i'm talking to a friend on here from back home i haven't talked to her in sooooooo long k u want me to leave u alone? oh that's goooood u should call her, rather than chat it's long distance k hang on i'll give u ph card no 800-569-6972   and card no is 4295-3163-7495 and if u run low in mins let me know i'll put more money in there thank you :-O :-? sorry wait lol i take it back i take it back too late u owe me 2 kisses k sweetie, i'll let u catch up with her, will u be on later on tonight? i'll log in when i go back to hotel... okay i love you love u too, and i wanna see emails, and ph calls that doesn't get hang up k take care love, bye /:) k bye guess i lost my spot of importance..:(  luv you bye i loveyou ttyl i guess don't be mean i am sorry, but u always ignore me, sometimes i wonder if you really love me or just saying it i wasn't ignoring you you said you were going that you would talk to me when you got to the hotel you didn't sign on like now, u have no time to talk to me but u have time to go to chat rooms and talk so how doi know that you're back? i'm in a chat room i just got back, i went to gym doesn't mean i'm chating chatting i don't care if u chat, but if u say u love me than don't ignore me, anyway sorry i wasn't ignoring you you're not signed in how do i know when you're here if you're not signed in i'm not tlaking about now, but when i was talking to earlier.. anyway i guess i live with it..did u call your friend? not yet cos she had to do something ok do you have other screennames? yes y? care to tell me what they are? yes niteshptl any others? and other is gmail account that i send emails y ? but i don;t log on to niteshptl that often but i do check emails on that sorry i didn't know u wanted all of them oh and have 1 for work for work? that you chat with/ noooooooo just email like myname and company name i'll give u my card this fri u'll see u ok? i'm sorry sweetie? :( u there? i'm here you just hurt my feelings cos i can't see that you're on so how could i ignore you? i am sorry and see, soooooooo sorry you're still not signed on so i still wouldn't know if you were here if you hadn't sent me a message cause i am still at work sweetie i'm sorry :( please sweetie don't be mad >:D well u can be mad, but don't be sad kay :) let me see that smile i'm not here :D yet but i'm trying awwww >:D that's my girl what time are you going back to the hotel? idk as soon as dave is ready, he is still sititng right here :-$  lol y u wanna get rid of me?? lol no just asking u sure? lol yep how sure? do u wanna go see your horses? what makes u happy? you ya right lol whatever meannie :-* hey i have everyright to be minnie... lol nuhuh cos it hurts my feelings :-O  who is hurting my sweetie's feelings? i'll kick his/her ass you when you're mean to me it hurts my feelings oh! awwww ok than u can kick my ass...i'm sorry sweetie, but u know i don't mean to hurt your feeling...sometimes i just tease u so whatcha gonna bring me on friday? but u have to accept some blame as well...u always ignore me, never write to me...don't call... apart from me what else do u want? lol um well its surprise, but u never tell me what u like dislike...so its hard to bring something uh can you bring something from boston? what do u want? i dunno like a hat pin thingee i collect them whenever we go somewhere i get one but u don't wear hats nope i put them in a bulletin board i have oh ok well, it fellthe other day so i have to put it back together and stuff but ok i'll bring something from boston as well as from home promise? i promise can i get pregnant the first  time we have sex? no y do u want to get preg? not really u want me to use condom? it's just that i thought you might want to bring something to stop it i dunno if you don't wannait's okay cos yousaid i can't get pregnant so i'll bring it, and we'll do it with and without kay is there a difference? yes def a lot u will feel it w/o is much better feeling for both of us so how come you don't let your bf's from school do u? what? sex i haven't had sex i know silly i am asking how come u don't let your boys do u, i mean y me, because you love me that i do, but i am sure there other guys who loves u too nope noone preety girl like u?? imposible lol don't my daddy was her here :-O and u r tlaking about sex? no not to my daddy y not oh nm he wants to go to dinner u go out for dinner everynight? ok enjoy your dinner sometimes he gets really busy than who do u eat eith? no he's taking me it's just sometimes i ony eat what i can microwave at home and then when he's home we go out to dinner k time to go dave want to go i loveyou ttyl luv u too :) oh see good morning, have i told u recently that i love you?? well i do and miss u heaps!!! :-* awww my cara is stilll sleeeping...luv u sweetie u can't still be sleeeping...lol /:) our cable was down all day and that's my connection sorry its ok i thought u decided to bailout lol how r u i'm okay bored u r always bored well then i guess it's a good thing you're coming to see me tomorrow ya but that's tomorrow, what u gonna do today though? :-? shave my legs lol lol i doubt u can do tht  while chatting hehe (:| anyway have fun i'll ttyl why? where you going? are you fussy? fussy? i can't sit here all day...teidling my thumb while u respond lol wow you are fussy do u blame me, ? lolo yeah no silly i have to run to airport cos it wasn't my fault you're leaving right now? to come home? but u r busy not typing yes i have to catch 630 flight that's too cool for words i'm all kinds of excited yay yay yay lol well my excitment kind of died agfter waiting all day for u today...and even when u got on didn't have urge to type fast enough...hehe anyway sweetie i better run, write email when u get bored... you're not excited any more? hmph shuuuushhhh. my feeling are totally hurtnow i love you :-* i love you too catch your flight oh and you have to tell me what car you get so i can look for you tomorrow kay? ok i'll get on when i get home which will be like 1 am i get in at midnight okay i'll try and be up if not just email me and u do the same you know color and kind so i can keep an eye out for you ok ttyl i love you bye and read your emails :-*  bye sweetie kay X-( X-( X-( X-( X-( X-( X-( what's wrong? nitesh talk to me what's wrong :( :( :( :( :( :( :( fucking bitch tanya what? what's wrong? i am back at hotel in boston why? cause bitch didn't change my ticket, and flight was sold out is that the only flight? that was the last flight via atlanta you can't take the red eye blue eye whatever what does it matter where you come in from i can go to atl or cincinatti but i have to stay there cause by the time i get there there would be nothing so now what? can you switch it to fly in early tomorrow ? since you don't have to work? i am taking 1st flight in morning what time does it land? idk i have to check where did u go? gets in at 10:41 sorry got kicked are you gonna drive straight from the airport then? yes and no, i'll quickly go home drop my bag off and than drive so what time are yougoing to be here then? lets see by the time i get out of airport it will be 1130 so lets say leave by 12 from tampa so around 4? okay i am sorry i am soooooo pissed i am gonna kill her tomorrow bitch sorry for? Departs  	Arrives  	Stops  	Travel Time  	Flights delay by the way thanks for not reading my emails which baby? don't worry about it don't be mean i didn't fuck up she did sorry hey i have to let it out on someone..and right now its u!!  lol sorry i don't deserve you being nasty to me i am sorry >:D and the only emails i got were on yahoo and i did open them i just hadn't said anything yet and there wsn't anything on my gmail :-O i don't know why you're so mean to me if you love me so much you shouldn't be mean i am sorry sweetie but u still love me right? even when i am mean to u? yeah that yeah doesn't have much confidance in it!! lol :-* k hey listen, r u gonna be here for a while? hellooooo? yes what's wrong? just trying not to be sad y r u sad? cos i don't know if you just didn't want to seeme :-O ok u can stop that...i left work early, i want to airport, dove fast in trafic..got to airport...i even tried getting on to cincinetti flight... and all this not for anyone but you okay i'm sorry no u don tu don't have to be sorry i don't want u to be sad my daddy wants me to do the dishes i'll brb kay and i don't care what i have to do but i'll get there tomorrow promise? promise... only 2 hrs after our original time.. i love you brb ok u do dishes i am gonna go do laundry so i don't have to worry about it tomoorw morning k ttyl luv u too hi sweetie, i am so sleepy so buzz me, i'll see u tomorrow, have u still got calling card? and yes i do have a gift drom u from boston love you you must be really tired.  cos you're not answering my dings....lol.. so i'll let you sleep.  hopefully  you have the lock set so that you can get to the airport on time in the morning.  cos i'm really looking forward to seeing you. i want so much to be in your arms.  i love and miss you and have less than 24 hours till you will be here.  yay me.  ttyl (:| hi hey i miss u (:| i miss you too i left you a message though didja see it? and why are you up? yup you need your rest cos you're coming home in the morning cause freaking kay called me and woke me up yay who is kay? kayla and why would she call you at midnight who is kayla a frind..i have lots of ppl call me whenever they feel like it don't worry i didn't answer the ph but i think she kind of woke me up to remind me that my girl is waiting!!! >:D hmmmm is kayla your gf? noooooo i already have a gf she is cute preety beautiful sweet did is say sweet sexy caring cara cara how did u know? cara have u seen her? u can't miss her she is one in a million i love you but i have to go potty k hurry back sorry my daddy was just saying good bye since i won't see him til sunday yay me oh lol but u will see him tomorrow morning won't u? /:) :-S 8-| @-) i dunno depends on when i wake up and when he goes to work ok you should probably get back to sleep y? i'll sleep on the plane cos i don't want you to sleep through the alarm i won't that's y i have hotel wakeup call, my cell ph alarm and clock lol speaking of hotel did u find out? he couldn't remember either i think i'm just gonna book at doubletree right now? or when we get there? when we get there, i can't be bother booking now okay just asking that's all thanks for asking lol besides i think its better to see the property and book reather than book from pic king size suite for two!!!! ;) whatever you want i just want my sweetie..... yay us lol but she is always too busys for us...lol what u doing? i'm not too busy i was packing lol ok hey can i ask u a q? sure and i want honest answer ok? the truth truth do u really love me or just u know kind of loving me for weekend? that's not nice that's not nice at all i am sorry sweetie k i take it back don't answer it i love you i love you too that u do, besides u don't have a choice but to love me...cause i stole your heart >:)  lol and i am keeping it :-> do u wear earings? i know u don't like this and sorry but :-w you didn't steal it i gave it to you and i dont' knwo what happened but i just got all of those messages all at once lol sure lol ok aren't u suppose to resp to the msg's when u get them? lol seee now u know y i was asking u that q? cause u always seems to have your prioritites at other things or other ppl...i fell like u kind of find time to resp in between your free time.. that's not true i'm telling you i've had problems all day that's why i didn't sign on remember i'm not talking about all day, i am just saying generally, like right now, i am literly taking a nap between my typing and your resp... that's cos it's one in the morning and you should be in bed w/e whatever what? meannie hey ty did you change it to the good friends thing? are we not in love any mroe? i didn't change it u did u can't escape from my love, even if u wanted too :-P good i didn't change it i didnt' touch it it was just different stupid yahoo again coming between us that's right btw do u have tatoos? piercing? nope do u smoke? wanted to get my belly button done but daddy said no don't smoke dont' do drugs yeahh and don't do sex either until...:-?  lol yeah what? until tomorrow wait today it's friday yay lol 15 hours yay yay yay yay yay hey speaking of that..don't wait outside..i am sure it will be hot okay so stay inside? you'll just come get me have u still got ph card? just call around 3-330 to see where i am ya i am sure they have public phs ? oh i'm sure yep i'll call ya for sure there's a big parking lot near the library you have to get a card or a ticket thingee and a bar raises oh ok i take it its a pay park i think so maybe not for as long as we'll be there but i don't know for sure oh ok its ok, i am sure its cheaper than when i park at boston airport, for weekend its 66 lol holy cow but i feel kinda bad you spending money and all what boston money? nahhhh client pays for it btw when i went to do laundry i looked for hat pin couldn't find it but i got something else really what'd ya get? no biggie something small... wish i had more time to shop..but i'll stop by at stores in tampa before i come there no just come striaght here you did your laundry no reason to stop now but i don't wannna come empty handed but i'd rather you just get here and come empty handed than come late with something k when we go shopping i'll buy u, that way atleast u get what u want if that will make you happy right now only thing that makes me happy is seeing you smile nitesh ? yes cara :-* i love you ya but i love u more whatever i love you mroe we'll find out tonight who loves who more!!!! B-) you think so yup r u up for a challange? ? guess not ? ? ? ? ? ? ? :-w sory sorry went for a water no pop lol ya right, how do i know? lol u still haen't answered my q yes i'm ready for a challenge yeahbut youcan see i'm not in a chat so who else woudl i be talkign to idk your friends and i never said i don't like u chatting all i am saying don't ignore me, like if u r talking to your friends and u r busy just saying hey can i get back to u in 10 or whatever time so atleast i am not waiting for u okay r u getting sick of my lecturing ? lol nope but what's the challenge oh ya see who loves who more and yes loser has to kiss and love winner all night.. deal? oh yeah better wear chapstick baby cos i'm winning don't be so sure sweetie...besides natural taste is better than chapstick taste i was just saying you were gonna have such chapped lips from having to kissme so much how can i have chapped lips , infact they will me fully moist thanks to u!!! unless u plan to bite them :-SS  yeaks no biting of the lips lol #:-S otherwise i was gonna withdraw from the race lol rude iwant you to come see me i'm soooooo pouting now sooooooooon sweetie kay well it's late and i needmybeauty sleep cos my bf is coming tomorrow oh ya, let him come, he can wait nope i would never make him wait i'll try to make it by 3 but i think it will be around 4 except whne u r talking to him on chat eh? lol =)) that's right dammit lol and poor guy..patiently just waits for her...cause she has put a love spell on her well she loves him just as much :-?   hmmm i thought she said she loves him more?? sounds like she is getting sick of him lol :-* what never never never k anyway i am off to bed...my eyes r killing me just staring at the screen waiting for some txt .... but u have a good night and sweet dreams, and i'll see u in few hours.. take care wanna see something funny first? take care k no i love you? http://video.google.com/videoplay?docid=8718728501056290731 lmao can you still see wasn't that soooooo scary? lol so u like this shakira eh? lol i do i was watching the video again ok u go watch i am off to bed i love you okay i love you see you later today yes can't wait where r my 3 things? k nm, see u soon..i need to hit the sack...take care bye :) good morning sweetie..k i am on my way to airport..see u sooon...luv ya*+*19:4*+*2*+*[0.6309943237424154, 0.3690056762575847]*+*1*+*