 hi there hi 28/m/pasadena u? 13/f/palm springs oh, cool how r u today? im ok how ru?? it's raining here can't wait for it to stop it looks like its gonna here it sux probably on its way there what's keeping u busy? school today? lol nothing im bored i didnt go today cuz i woke upwith a headache and mom gave me a pill that made me sleepy so she said i could stay home hope u feel better i already feel better im fine so what u up to today? just bored and chatting u? me too day off today bored and chatting lol sounds like me how's school for u? its ok keeping up with school work? lol ya its easy dats cool i'm glad it's easy for u u're probably a smart girl ya im not dumb lol proud of u for saying that :) ty :) did u think school was easy? i never thought it was but i did work hard tho mebbe high school will be harder r u in 8th grade? 7 i just turned 13 happy birthday to u ty hope u had a good celebration nah mom had to work but it was ok u have siblings? no oh u wish u have? sometimes ya id have someone to talk to but then id prolly fight with them lol :) how about b/f? boyfriend? we broke up he was a jerk what happened? he cheated on me a classmate ? he was my friends bro oh, i c how old is he? 18 hell be 19 soon but i hope he has a bad birthday oh, cool i hope so too :) what kind of guy u like? guys who arent babies and jerks lol dat sounds good ya most guys my age act like babies tho how old is too old for u? :) lol i dunno i guess it depends if theyre kewl and nice lol i wouldnt go out with a guy whos like 99 :) dats true i wouldn't either :) what would u like to do on a date? ya too old to have fun lol i know too slow too :) lol ya u're going back to school tomorrow? lol unless i can talk mom into thinkin i still got a headache lol :) she'll believe u :) how about ur dad? they split up when i was little im not supposed to talk to him i c so who u live with? just ur mom? ya apartment? ya its pretty kewl what makes it kewl? the rooms? neighbors? its got a park across the street we dont talk to neighbors no one here really talks even when theyre home lol but its nice to have the library and club and park across the street nice what would u like to do if u get to hang out with a guy? lol i dunno whatever he wants to i guess u have a pic? i'm jason, by the way hi jason im lissa pic on pro and more on myspace nice ty!!! u got a pic?? dats my pic on the right box should be on the box on the right ur cute!!!!! so r u ty :) lol u got quiet :) looking at ur pic oh lol u are very pretty ty ur sweet u know tae kwon do dats really neat ya some its fun :) is it ok i'm 28? ya is it ok im 13? lol i'm fine with it kewl!! u come to chat often? when im bored do u? me too and i get bored often lol being bored sux i know what does ur mom do for living? shes a nurse wow so, she's often out ? in the hospital? ya she works til like midnight wow who stays home with u? lol no one im not a baby :) dats true i like how ur name is spelled lissa ty :) very nice im glad u like it lol i do u like movies? ya just not scary ones me too hate horror films how about romance? ya those r kewl r u a romantic person? :) lol ya i think so :) u like to kiss? :) lol ya do u? love to its way kewl yeah i like a girl who loves to kiss makes it more sweet and romantic ya it does wish we can hang out :) we should itd be kewl how? where? lol well i cant drive so it gotta be here i can drive :) we can watch a movie at ur place, perhaps? what kinda stuff u wanna do? we can talk watch dvd :) anything fun what would u like to do? lol i like to have fun what do u think? i can bring dvd we can watch together :) what dvd u wanna bring? i can rent whatever what would u like to watch? i wanna see corpse bride is that horror? :) nooooo i dont like scary movies me neither k, i can rent that :) when are u available? well moms workin today and tomorrow oh, i c when do u wanna? but u have school tomorrow tho, right? ya but i get out right before 2 wanna skip another day of school? :) lol i prolly could u won't find out until tonight, right? mebbe let me think if i can come up with good reason lol can i call u? or should i come online tonight sometime? i can call u but if u call me ill get busted cuz moms got id in her room cuz she thinks im trying to talk to dad she got this privacy stuff that dont let u call with private number either wow ya im not supposed to talk to him shes freaky wanna hang out tomorrow anyway? :)? lol ya it be kinda kewl what time u wanna hang out?? mom wont leave til like 1 oh, really? i'm not sure how long it'll take to get there what's ur address? i'll try to map it *address removed* what's the zip code? what uwant me to wear?? 92262 is teh zip code we can mebbe meet at the park cross the street then come back here if u like not a serial killer lol don't worry about me :) i'm the safest person u can meet :) lol y u so safe?? it's just the way i am :) i hardly cuzz even did u map it yet? yeah, i did an hour and a half to get there, at least i can leave before lunch will u be home by 1pm? no i get home bout 215 moms gone when i get home wish we can meet at 1pm :) i know but i dont wanna get busted i c what if u pretend u have headache :) i just afraid u get here before mom leaves then id really be in trubbe lol how about 1:30pm? :) u can check first u got a cell so i can call u when ur driving?? hellooooooo??? trying to think no cell maybe i can borrow someone's but if u call won't that leave a number in ur phone? not if i use the calling card gramma gave me lol thats how i talk to dad shhhh!!!! hey, dats a good idea but i can't call u even with a calling card, right? no :( i told u moms freaky if she dont kno a number she calls it and i get in trubble oh, i c i cant wait what we gonna do besides watch a move that dont take long lol how much time do we have? mom be home bout midnight i have work tomorrow night :( late afternoon oh ok what time can i be there? 1:30pm ? ya prolly be good so what u want me to wear?? lol just wear normal clothes :) where do u want me to meet u? at the park its called sunrise park theres a place by the library thats got benches and a big rock ill meet u at the benches?? will the neighbors find out about it? us, i mean? nah theyre not home during the daytime u sure? :) it's ok to go in ur house together? ya its kewl dude i gotta ask a ? what's dat? ? u gotta bring condoms i dont wanna get preggers u wanna do it? :) i mean it'll be fun u sure it's ok for u, right? lol ya im not a baby i won't get u preggers, don't worry shower together? that be fun!!! u have ur own shower room? ya when's the last time u made love with someone? :) when i broke up with my bf right before christmas oh, i c :) dats cool u have any fantasy? brb phone k hope everything is ok, lissa ya mom on phone just a sec k :) gah sorry :) glad u're back everything fine? ya its kewl she wanted to make sure i didnt hve a headache i told her i did what did she say? she told me to rest lol tomorrow too? :) lol ya thats y i told her i did so shell feel sorry for me u'll stay home tomorrow? ya lol so 1:30 should be kewl what's ur fantasy? any? sexual fantasy? i dunno just a guy who knows what hes doing lol taking a shower with u sound way kewl we'll definitely do that we'll be adventurous :) we'll make it way fun :) yay!!! can i call u? pretend it's wrong number? even for a few seconds? :) noooooo ill get busted then i wont be able to see u :(( i'd love to hear ur voice ohhh, i c i got my calling card if u want me to call u i borrowed cell phone yay promise to call just one time? ya i promise!!! less u want me to call when ur driving tomorrow promise to call me just one time, lissa? :( i said ya!!!! i wont call u unles u say its ok i promise wanna call now? ya let me go find my card k? k let me know when u're back i got it whats ur digits? helllooooooo??? what phone company is it? :) huh?? phone card what company is it? dude its a walmart card y?? dats neat a good card just curious :) lol ok promise to call just one time, right? or u'll get me in trouble i told u i promise! 626-315-0740 u there? ya lol i had to go put phone back :) u sound very sweet and sexy so do u!!!! u still got ur map thing open?? yeah i do u see where baristo is?? hold i'm looking yes, i see it k there a big parking lot off baristo that goes back to the library by the benches thats how u get there so the library is on baristo? its in the park or the parking entrance is on baristo? the way u get into parking lots on baristo k drive it all the way inside? im xcited!!!!! ya all the way to the library u cant miss it then, where will u be? theres benches by a big rock ill wait there for u people won't see us? other people, i mean? nah its kewl or i wouldnt do it lol i'm way excited me too!!!!! do we have to climb up stairs to get to ur place? ur apartment? ya people wont' mind? nah no one b home but us oh, cool :) lol its kewl here so we'll ride to ur house together? ya or park the car in the library? prolly ride if its raining specially k? but park in the library and come meet me k?? im so xcited!!!!!! what kinda car u got so i know its u? not sure yet :) i'll find u what clothes are u going to wear tomorrow? so i'll spot u easier something yellow will be cool lol u dont know what kinda car u got?? ewwww i dont wear yeloow but i like pink lol k, pink bright pink? anything printed on teh shirt? nah not if i wear the one im thinkin of :) silly, i mean when i look for u in the library so i know it's u :) ill be outside on the benches by the rock not in the library lol is it ok for me to approach u? outside the library between the library and the boys n girls club place ya lol will people think it's weird? but its silly u dont know waht kinda car u got so i know its u!!!!!! toyota minivan :) k lol then i wont be scared lol ill know its u will u be online tomorrow morning? prolly ya since im not goin to school k i wayyy excited u have ur own bedroom? me too!!!!!! ya k we'll spend romantic time together tomorrow ya its gonna be so fun i have to leave now will u be on tonight? late? around 10pm or so? prolly sicne mom wont be home yet i see u later k?? k i love u i luv u too!!! bye!!! k take care wish i can kiss ur lips now me too!! but we will tomorrow how tall are u, btw? :) 4'11 dats awesome :) we'll have sooo much fun together ya!!! bye for now bye i'll catch u tonight take care btw, what's ur bra size? :) 30b :) u're sexy k bye for now, then hi, lissa hi!!! how have u been tonight? i miss u already i miss u too i cant wait til tomorrow!!!! what u up to tonight? getting ready for bed what u doing? me too getting ready for bed :) ru excited bout tomorrow?? are u going to school tomorrow? i am very lol no i told u i was stayin home so u can come at 1:30 ur mom will let u stay home? :) ya i told her my head hurts bad lol :) will u be online in the morning?? i'll make it better yeah, i will good :) im so xcited!!! what u picture us doing? :) lol all the stuff we talked about i even cleaned my shower lol really? :) how sweet u share the same shower with ur mom? no i got my own really? neat in ur own room? lol ya ya wow u have more pics? :) i do here but not on the compy i love ur pics lol ill show u more when ur here and mebbe u can take one if u want u're too sweet u like to take it slow? its up to u i know ull be nice to me and itll be fun i'll be gentle with u all over lol dont forget the movie 2 k? did u write down what one to get? u want me to try anything with u?? i'm thinking we may not need the movie :) we'll be busy cuddling lol ya but we can cuddle while we watch it lol i wanted mom to buy it for me in the store but she wouldnt what is it called again? :) corpse bride and i wont get preggers right?? don't worry i will never get u preggy :) u're safe with me kk!! i trust u last time u did it was when again? :) before chrismas i even got him a present that i never gave him lol he didnt deserve it what was it? a cd sweet i can't wait me either!!!! i'll try to get the movie k i think we can just cuddle under the covers together that all? :) shower and we'll take it slow if we have time, we can watch the movie together :) k but i thought we were gonna do more fun stuff yes we will what would u like? lol i liked all of it im not a baby no, u're not i will think of u as one i will never think of u as one u're very mature ya i am :) ru sleepy? r u? i'm getting there lol me too mebbe we should go to bed so were not tired tomorrow lol i just missed u i miss u already wish we can talk on the phone agan again even for few minutes i know but i dont got many mins left and i wont be able to talk to dad i'll get u another one :) brb phone k i gotta go that was mom she said if im sick i gotta go to bed early :) oh i dont wanna get in trubble so ic ant stay home tomorrow ill be on in the morning k?? how 'bout if u don't pick up the phone? :) noooooooo itll still show!!!!!! i love talking to u i know i love talking to u to i mean when ur mom calls again :) :( we can still chat? or tomorrow? tomorrow k? i dont wanna get busted i dont' want u to get busted either k lol go to bed so ur not tired nite!!!!!!!!! what if i get there around 1:15pm? earlier im worried u might get here before mom leaves what time she usually leaves? a lil after 1 usually ill be able to be at park by 130 though so u'll walk there from home? u live in a house? ya its across the street apartment i told u silly oh, dats right forgot nite i talk to u tomorrow!!!! i love u what's ur last name, by the way? :) luv u to brendan nite!!!! nite, lissa u can't come today!!!!! i messed up. moms worried bout my headache lol no she traded days with another woman and now shes home today and gonna work tomorrow instead!!! i try to get onlater but im really sorry :( mebbe we can meet tomorrrow instead!! we can try tomorrow don't worry hi hi!! i miss u :) miss u tooooooooo how's ur day today? :) lol pretty bad mom made me go to the doc cuz she was worried i had like this virus thing in my brain cuz of my headaches lol he told her it was prolly just allergies and not worry i couldnt tell her it didnt really hurt anymore or id have been in big trouble lol :( i'm still glad everything went fine :) wish we can meet we can tomorrow right? what time? u have school? bout 130 again? ill ditch school at lunch will u be online tomorrow morning? i gotta go to school :) so tomorrow? ya same place it's ok for u to miss ur afternoon class? its just study skills wanna meet earlier? :) i cant mom will be home and i cant miss science what time is science? til 1245 ill leave after htat one :) we can meet at the library earlier :) we can talk first, if u'd like itll take me a bit to walk to the park i prolly cant be ther til like 115 at earliest k :) 1:15 sounds good so, we're on tomorrow? wish we can talk on the phone again ya!!! i know but moms home she said i could only get on here for a few mins so she prolly be yellin at me soon to get off lol oh :) the computer is in ur room? ya u like oral sex? :) i gave it i never got it :) u like giving it? i can give it to u slowly and gently ya its pretty kewl would u like it if i give it to u? slide my tongue up and down? ya i heard its really good :) we will defnitely do that k i cant wait!!! shes yellin i got to go ill try to get on later if not ill see u at 115!!!!! k*+*17:36*+*2*+*[0.4679715302491103, 0.5320284697508897]*+*1*+*