 what up little girl nuttin jus chattin kool so how old are you 12/f/nva u? i'm to old for ya lol y ru 99 r sumthin? no i'm 19 from norfolk so what do you do for fun r u there sorry bots are you not going to talk to me cause i'm older than you lol y wuld i do dat? i don't know cause you might think i'm hitting on ya or somethin lol its ok so what you do this past summer you ready for school lol ya i liek skool most of da time so what grade you going to 8 dam that kool best time to be in jr high what is your name lori wats urs? nathan im back kool dad came home 4 a few mins so i had to go offline but hes gone now again so what would ya like to chat about lol i dont care well think of a topic u relly from texas? yep dats kewl my gramma lives dere what part by dallas kool were u from? austin myself i think i went by thre wen she took me to the alamo kool when was this wen i was 9 dad dont let me see her too much oh, and how old are you now 12 kool i liked texas it was kewl i love it and can't wait to go back wen do u get 2 go back? but i need a girl to go with me when i'm done with the navy don't know yet u like bein in da navy? ya i do wat do u do? nothin really lol u get 2 b in da navy n do nuttin? just drive the ship when we go underway somethin like that oh kewl!!!!!!!!! i bet its big ya it is it souns like fun well if you came over here i would give you a tour of it and let you see all of it lol i cant drive silly ok, where are you and i will come get ya ok lol north va town herndon its sorta by dulles oh itd b kewl 2 see all da ships ya kno? your parents wouldn't kill me for being older than ya would they lol my dads nevr home neway i dont got a mom oh, so you would just leave with me lol if ur nice n not somefreek no not a freak, you to young for me to try anything on ya know lol im not a baby i know your 12 and i'm 19 so?? i couldn't try nothin cause i would get into trouble if i did even though i think you cute i wuldnt tell oh really lol i dont wanna get busted ya know!!!! im not stoopid true then we both be in trouble ya n i dont wanna b busted that sux ya it dose ok i'm not trying to be perverted or anything like that but will you tell me your sizes please maybe i would pick you something up before i came to your house u mean like my clothes sizes? ya i wear a 5 in jeans n a small t oh, so your small arn't ya lol ya n short 2 oh, i'm 6' 5" wow!!!!! how tall are you 4 11 that not that bad im still growin ya, your going to grow a lot more than you think i dunno dad says mom was pretty short 2 well my parents are both 5'3" and look at me lol dats tru so see even if one parent or both are short dosen't always mean your going to be dats tru n dads pretty tall see maybe you'll be right in the middle lol mebbe so what dose your dad do hes a doctor mom was 2 b4 she died wb so where were we lol u askd me wat my dad does he a doctor right ya n my mom was 2 b4 she died i'm srry its ok i dont relly remmber her oh, that sucks she died in a car reck oh, that the same way my aunt died it sux dont it yep so wat kinda stuff u wann buy b4 u pick me up?? ;) better not catch anyone breaking this ribbon. this is a huh? i don't know what do you like lol nethin mebbe u culd bring me a navy tshirt?? dat wuld be waaaaaay kewl!!!! ok wen u wanna do it?? how about after the second of sept. awww u cant do it b4 den?? i'm going out to sea for the next two weeks wen u leave? tommorrow dat sux we can do it one weekend okay kool so what ya doin r u there r u dating anyone no i dont got a bf ok, didn't want to make anyone jellouse lol no guyz my age r jerks oh, and older guys arn't right y not? lol some r still jerks but ur nice thanks and your sweet for your age to awww ty no prob. i need a nickname for ya, what do you want it to be lol i dunno u pick 1 long as its not stoopid :) like what i'm not good at this u cn call me princess? lol id like dat ok you can be my princess ok k :) :) hey i got to go got a # so i can call ya princess wb thanks princess dads got callr id in his room so id get bustd but i got a callin card i cn use 2 call u so it dont sho you are smart arn't ya lol ya i get good grades y? your coming up with all these plans lol im not stoopid i think we are going to have some fun i'll have to take ya to the beach and some other fun places one day ok dat b relly kewl!!!!! ya sure, cause your my princess right ya!! :) so u want me 2 call u? well my phone is truned off until we get back so i don't have to pay for time i didn't get to use oh :(( but if you want my # it is 512-269-6371 ok but see if you give me yours i can make it wear my number dosn't show up on caller id ill try 2 sneak the id outta dads room 2morro then your dad would never know itd still sho up as a call tho unless i sneak it out n can delete it ill try but he wouldn't know from who ya but hes mean!! oh so i relly try 2 not get bustd ya i feel ya ya i wouldn't want your dad to catch me taking you places he might get the wrong idea not like hes evr here neway ya but ya never know i dont think he relly cares wat i do as long as i dont bug him oh ok, i got another question for ya, if i was to buy a girl some underwear for anything if the girl was you would you want a thong, g-string or the full ass panties omg id love 2 have a thong!!!!!! really, what color um purple!!!!! why purple lol cuz i like it ok, so i will have to take you somewhere you can buy a purple thong ok kewl!!!! do you want it like soild purple or kinda see throu purple i let u pick dat part out k? k sounds like fun ya!!! what about bras, would you let me buy you one of those to ya if u want will it match thong?? like a strapless, or a pushup sure will you modle it for me lol sure since u buyin it kool, i'll tell ya what i think of ya in it ok ok!!!! kool i would make you like my little girlfriend ok kewl!!!!!! i always wantd a bf did you ever want an older bf age dont matter if hes nice kool do u get 2 get on yim wen ur on da ship? no i have to use the ships email my email for the ship is proctorn@nassau.navy.mil ok k! mines lori_luvs_puppies@yahoo.com k got it so what ya doin right now lol nuttin gettin kinda tired i gess oh, what do you like to sleep in jus a t kool i sleep in my boxers kewl hey when i come see you you got to make sure if we do anything not to hurt you ok ok i tell u if it hurts k? ya have you ever seen a porn video no u got some? i'll have to let you see before we do anything so you know what is going to happen ok ok would you like for me to show you in the shower or the bed 1st wat is better? well i think for a 1st timmer it is better on the bed but for someone who likes to have fun in the shower k den mebbe bed 1st?? or do you have a bathtube lol ya we got a bathtub duh!!!!!! ok, i'll show ya there, i'll be on bottom and i'll let you be on top, that way if you don't like it you can get off ok k would you like to try it in the ass omg wont dat hurt???????? some say it feels good, and it never hurts, i don't know oic that one is tottaly up to u k i think bout it k? k, oh, and if you want to again it tottaly up to you do you want me to put it in your mouth and let you suck on it like a blow pop is it gross? i don't know again, like i said it tottaly up to you if you don't want to it fine, if you do it is fine to ok i'll let you think on that one to ok im goin 2 go 2 bed soon u promis u email me wile ur gone?? yes of course my little princess awww ty!!! no prob nite n have fun wile ur gone!!!!!! think about me i will!!!! ok, i'll think about you to love ya princess*+*14:13*+*2*+*[0.6146256529309344, 0.3853743470690656]*+*1*+*