 whats up 24/m/kzoo here, how about you? hi 13 f mi wow you're young so? so what are you doin up so late no school tomorrow so so? alright pics or cam? hi i have some pics asl? 24/m kalamazoo lol sorry you im me before yeah sorry that you in the pic? yeah cute thanks could i see yours? not bad thanks yup any others or is that it? none showin skin no why? why what? why you asking about that kind of pic? no reason oh k just curious ok no i dont have that kind of pic do you? ok why? just asking you're too young to look at that stuff im not a baby i know what they look like how? ive seen a naked guy before how? i saw my old bf what'd yo udo w/ him? had sex did oral why? you like giving oral? yea it is ok right on, did you swallow? a couple times why? just curious ok how many times you fuck him i dont know lots he liked it you didn't? yea it was ok can i add you? why? i dont know i dont have very many friends here where you from? i lived in illinois before where in MI are you? near detroit too far oh sorry whatever so you like cock i guess why? jw can i add you or not? you should take naked pics why? i dont have my own camera you have pics like that? maybe maybe? maybe what if i do i dont know ok what are you doing now? nothing, what are you doin? nothing cool what are you thinkg about? what are you thinkin about? pics of you lol what are you wearin? pajama pants and a tshirt do you masterbate? no why? i thought only guys do that you were mistaken ok girls finger their pussies ok you should try it maybe some time you like lookin at cocks i only saw one how big was it? not real big did he even cum? yea he used a condom even in your mouth? no not there did you like the taste of cum it was ok what was your fav. position to get fucked i only did it with him on top i c why? curious ok ok whats yours? girl on top, or doggy ok never did that i c should try it why? cuz their fun ok ok :D what? nothing have you rubbed your pussy yet no should why? are you doing that? no ok got nothing to work w/ ? sorry what? that i'm not doin that oh so you have any other pics? just 1 oh yup you're too young to see it though why? cuz it's my cock i have seen one before omg its big is that really you? yeah wow ok now rub your pussy lol seriously why? why not? feels weird when i touch myself thought you never did it i did one time it was weird fine :D what? so would you suck that? if you wanted me to i would big lol i dont know if it would fit i c would you suck anybodies cock who wanted you to? no not anybody they would have to be nice and cute ok why? why what? why did you ask? just wondering ok im not a slut didn't think you were ok ok what are you doin? looking at your pic :D still yea what kind of panties you wear? bikini blue always bikini? yea ok should get some thongs why? guys like em ok maybe i get some for my birthday ok sitll lookin? oh yea whats fun in lookin if you're not masterbating lol seriously i dont know i like looking at it rub your pussy looks big stick a finger in it why? cuz i want you to what are you doing? masterbating for real? yup so do it did you do it? i did it feels weird it feels good i dont like touching me fine damn stop lookin why? i like looking lol :-P why i just do never seen one that big ok i guess i should go to bed ok talk to you later :D nite night who are you? im * kid name * who are you? i dunno you sent me an IM asl? your on my friends list 13 f mi you? who's your friend? 24/m/mi what are you doin up so late? you added me what are you a cop or something? fuck no im not a baby and there is no school tomorrow didn't know that cam or pics? i have some pics can i see? hold on there still all blury ok what do you do for fun? listen to music hang out chat you? music, video games, read, chill, drink, smoke k single or b/f? single you? same virgin? no you? nope big fan of sex lol thought you might be too young though not a baby you like to give head? yea its ok do you swallow? i did before so since you're not a baby how many guys have you fucked? just one was he your bf? yea ok how old was he? 17 did you like it yea what position? are these the only pics ya got? i have a few more any showing off the body? not really you have any pics? just the one in my box i dont see one there there ya go cute thanks i got one other but you can't get that for another 5 years why? cuz got nothing to trade for it :( like what? that type of pic what type? don't worry about it i think you showed me before whta'd i show you? a pic of you what about me? naked you ok then, so you really dont need to see it i guess not do you like lookin at guys cocks not like i see a lot i saw my old bf your pic who's was bigger? you would you like a bigger cock then what you're bf had i dont know maybe why? just wondering k what are you wearin pajama pants and a tshirt you? robe and? nothing really? yeah, i was in bed oh does that turn you on maybe :D what kinda panties you wear? bikini not a fan of the thongs? i dont have any why not? mom wont let me buy any do you ever go panty less no do you masterbate? no i thought only guys do that nope, girls finger themselves oh or find penis shaped objects to use in their pussy or ass if you're into that really? really really to what actually? you said something about penis shaped objects yup you gonna try it out? lol i dont think so why not no objects lol fingers? i dont like touching myself ok do you? i have no problem w/ it k would you let a guy stick his cock up your ass i dont think so i think that would hurt ok so what do you do when youg et horny? nothing bummer what do you do? either have sex or masterbate i had sex before i dont have a bf now i don't always have a gf k i know it's bad, right no just not your style no no what? i dont do anything i will just wait til i have a bf right on i had a bf before when i lived in illinois i'm sure you'll get another one soon maybe what about head, is that for bf's only too i only did that to my old bf so yes i only been with one guy ok are you horny? maybe are you? yup i wish you would rub your pussy i dont want to i know you should take a naked pic i dont have a camera mom had one and she lost it otherwise you would huh? no someone might post it on a website or something is that what you did w/ my cock? no ok i wouldnt do that well neither would i well i better go to bed mom is telling me to get off of here ok talk to you later? ok, good night night hi hi hi hi what are you doin? hi how long you gonna be on? a little while what are you wearin? pajama pants and a tshirt why? how late you gonna stay up trying to get an image i will be here for a while why? cuz i gotta go for awhile ok what kinda panties you got on blue bikini ones color of your shirt in your pic you should take a pic in them i dont have a camera how'd you get your other pics friend took some used moms camera mom lost her camera convenient what? nothing next time you're w/ a friend ya'll should take some pics in underwear lol why? so i can see them oh i bet they would look good i dont know back? hello hi so what's so great about *reference to screen name* its a green day song sweet yea so what are you doing? fantasy baseball draft ok what are you doin? listening to music who? ac/dc right now nice i like rock very nice so is fantasy baseball draft fun? if you like baseball otherwise it's very boring lol i dont really like baseball :( sorry you play baseball? used to k too old now why too old? 24 24 is not old i'm not good enough to be professional, so i needed to do other things w/ my time oh i would play in a summer league or something if the opportunity presented itself, but last few years it's just been some slow pitch softball oh haha, you think i'm some big loser now huh no i dont your cute nice smile wish i could see more of you i showed you pics i know well how much more you want to see? all of it all of what? you in you're underwear i dont have any like that will you show me your other pics again though you have to accept the invite no makeup i like no make up why? did you get them all? hello????????? well im going to be since you are ignoring me night sorry wasn't trying to ignore you, stepped out for a smoke*+*1:3*+*2*+*[0.5241889584519066, 0.47581104154809334]*+*1*+*