 hi hi very pretty pic im david hope i didnt bother u no thats ok how old are u again not sure if i read that right 14 oh u look alot older thx i guess ;-) yea im a good bit older hope that doesnt bother u i dont care relly how old 27 i dont mind good u in ga? yes close to atl u? i am to but just moved here from fl where are u at? what city sort near columbus not far away is it? i dunno where places r yet i leave below atl a lil about an hour for me live* not far sorry long day no prob :-) and lonely night im out of town alot yea how come my work brb ok? promise? yep! :-) ok k back good told ya ;-) i was thinking u wasnt coming bac if i wasnt id just iggy u lol ok im not good on all this what is an iggy? oh sry im not on yahoo much ignore click the ignore button oh i got u well dont do that lol ok so tell me more about u u got myspace? no well im tracy whats yur name David hi david hi tracy i just moved here coz my mom got transfered oh to Benning? sorta she works for a compny that does army stuff oh did u have a guy in Fl yea :-( that sux tell me bout it unless u didnt like him i did sorry me to had lotsa frnds there well ill be ur friend here not much but that all i can offer lol ok :-) wish u were older ha!  me to that pic looks awful good thx ;-) i got more send and get out of that room lemme find the link cause i know u will get imed to death and ill loose u haha http://s58.photobucket.com/albums/g278/tracy_in_xcess/ u are so pretty ty those eyes well nevermind *blush* i cant say what i wanted to say go ahead wat? nah it was bad lol wat no dont want to run u off i dont scare easy well i was going to say those eyes could make a man want to can u say the rest? awww.... thats sweet i get it ;-) no u may not have not exactly how it sounded well then just say it an quit playin round :-P see that face u jus gave me a headache? mak a man wanna do that jeez yur a gentleman around here well if u want me to be open i will jus not sure how u are it dont bother me im not shy ur so hot i know that most guys here r relly gross so yur kinda cute ;-) well i would never be that way with only if u ask me to u be how u want to be ur eyes could make me be alot of ways awww thx u know ur 4th pic from the top on there? i like that one the best that look u have 4th on the top row? yes jus seen something else i like wat in the 3rd pic on the bottom guess? u mean my grrrr face? ur lips ur grrrs are good most ppl just laugh at that 1 not me no laughing thinking very serious serious bout wat? jus a feeling u give me the way u look so can i get personal? sure u have been with a guy right? yea ok that makes it a lil easier ur young so i really dont know how to be just be normal like u r if i was wa like that i would really run u off u got the wrong idea bout me im no baby i know that but i dont want u to think bad of me before u know me get over it already!  lol get me over it lol getting over it is hard to come by tonight just quit worryin bout it so whats ur fav color? black i knew u would say that whats ur fav thing to do? i dunno hang with frnds party shop! boys lol jus boys huh? well i got gfs too no man friends huh? i meant boys like as in guys males i dont care bout numbers i dont either so im over it ok? kewl so when was ur last time with aguy? last week nite before i left might be awhile again huh? yea i dont know nobody here well if i could get to know i would you* well now u do know me not quite the way i would like to keep bein so sweet an mebbe u culd ill be as sweet as u want i like sweet guys i can look at u and telll its all sweet inside and out awww i am sweet :-P i bet u are be nice to have a lil taste well no a long taste ;-) u would only have to say 3 words and those are.... go down david thats all? thats easy lol well u really would have to do hat jus look at me the eyes say it all i cant see u u got pics? i have anew laptop none on here but i will get u some no pics online? yea send me some no can i add u? u know u can so do u like bikes? bicycles? motorcycles oh yea! luv em well if u ever get on mine u will love them u got one?  kewl! yea one of the fastest ones it will go 187 could u do that wow i wuld if u was driving i wuld be a little scared tho an might hold on tight real tight isnt it  i meant wouldnt u jus playing lol  i think i know what u meant well im right arent i? i got no complaints id love to have a chance to never complain well keep talkin sweet to me and get me some pics...... ;-) how long u goona be on tonight? another hour i guess its awful lonely here awwww u got no gf? nah i work to much wat do u do i build tunnels realy?  thats differnt yea now i get the screen name so what do u do? go to school get a buzz lol no take that as i said it not sure wat u mean of im over it like u told me to right yea so now im going to get personal ok what do u like to do with a guy ur most fav thing hmmmm i like makin a guy happy like how whatever he likes so i see who cant get over it what do u like well i done lots of things but prolly not all what havent u done that u would like to do? oh wow i dunno well have u done that u would like to do over and over i like oral both ways tracy yea id love to be with u that way wuld u? most def no reason in holding anything back and u promise yur not some creepy fat old guy not fat i weigh 155 but i am alot older than u u said 27 thats not old yes but ur 14 i meant like 40 or sumthin nah im not that old i was jus saying 27 and 14 i would do it in a min with u hoping i would stay out of jail yur not just flatterin me? no i would so u like oral alot? yea uve never had me yet u dont know how much u like it yur good at it? damn good and look at u id wanna stay at it all night i only had 2 guys do it an 1 was terrible another persoanl question k are u shaved or do u have hair? shaved lol no hair at all? smooth troy loved it that way so i do it all the time now well if u eever get to know me let it grow one time for me u like hairy? i like it both ways most guys say they dont well im diff u will see that it wuld save a lot of work lol and if u ever wanted id do that for u to do wat? shave u i ahve good hands oh relly? that wuld be kinda diff yea lick it before and afterwards does that make the red go away?  :-P lol id make it all go away and come back and go away again u relly into that idea huh lol what idea say it shaving oh i thought u meant something else oh wat? can i say it the way i want to sure ur making it difficult for me now sry dont mean to say it i meant licking ur pussy over and over again oh i see ;-) yur into that to i think and thats ok with me ;-) first thing i thought when i seen ur eyes relly? yea i like eye contact me to i like to watch his expresion when ? when i do him when u do what? u know yur makin me shy now lol ok ill stop jus hard to now u dont have to stop i just get shy sayin it dont be with me ill try its jus like anything else jus people dont like to be open about but u should i know im not shy in person if ur going to get involved with a person i just get shy typin it ur not making me shy at all i love talking to u me to i relly like u and the thought of how it would be making me well nothing culd i call u sometime? yea when u want to mebbe tonite? when moms sleepin jus im way to tonight well u know and i may say the wrong things thats ok ;-) its been to long tomorow? u can tonight what time u thinking i think shes goin to bed soon so mebbe 20-30 min? thats ok but dont get offline yet i wont but i gotta go pee again lol u want my number yea can i come? lol 770 500 8637 go pee and i goota say something when u get back :-)  brb k back good was everything ok sure wat u want to say? i was going to say if we do get to know each other we have to be careful i know u know what im saying yea my bf was 17 mom never knew bout him yea but jus so u know i know i dont kiss an tell well i might want more than a kiss i dont more than kiss an tell either lick and tell? yea lol ok im gone huh? i jus kidding u scared me ill never go unless u tell me too i wont less yur mean to me never as long as ur good to me ill be better to u than any guy uve ever know thats a promise relly? coz im kinda a sweet person i dont like to be mean i like to make ppl happy specially guys lol well uve been making me happy sicnce we said hello jus hard to go to sl sleep that way sry u gotta get up early? no i never sleep anyway i was jus saying can i be honest course dont think bad though i wont i jus need some relief sorry but true wish i culd help u with that :-( with what? relief lol u could moms goin back to fl this weeknd btw to pick up stuff so who will be with u while seh s gone mollie our dog lol i like dgs dogs mollies a sweety and tracy yea i like u so far i like u so what are u wearing tonight give me a thought shorts an a t what else? panties lol what color? black i got lotsa black lol black even looks better when its wet did u know that? yea but i bet u like white better when its wet why do u say that coz it becomes like almost see thru i got  white bathing suit i cant go in the water with unless its like relly private so could ur panties get that wet? oh i see i dunno that wuld depend on u u know what pink is even better than white when its wet i guess mebbe yea i got those to i meant something else oh ;-) can i ask more? course whats ur most fav way to do it? i dunno only done it 1 way ok ur in for a treat sooner or later that wuld be nice :-) wats yur fav well not my fav but i love seeing a girl from behind i have my on fav way most havent heard of it wat is it i call it rock the baby wats that? we or both sitting in front of each other and ur legs would go to each side of me its kinda hard to explan but we are face to face not u on top its a li diff were sitting?  but im beneath? kinda jus in front im not on yur lap? and im holding u yea kinda guess yul have to show me sometime ;-) u get a good view that way also if u like it i will like it now this is gonna make u think but i want to ask k would u like to be like that and watch it ease in and out yes tracy david? i need that relief how bout i call u? mom wants to go to bed.  ill go say nite an call u ok how long gimme a couple minutes k?  mebbe 10 ok get in bed if u want k hurry girl ok ;-) do u have to sign off to call no but i might not be able to get back on after mom wants me up early shes bein a bitch about unpackin u dont have a cam do u? no sry ok call me k lemme go an i will ur gonna be sweet tome arent u? always :-) ok bye bye :-* :-P:-Pallover jus so u know ill have ur pic up when u call gotta get off but just wanted to say yur way hot hey i jus wanna say i know i want u so bad lets chat tomorow k? i wont be on tiil 7 but i have a laptop in my ruck i keep it on at work send me pics! ok kewl! hey u know u have me hard right? relly? yes :-) help me jus a lil before u go 5 mins just thnk bout me an look at my pics i will be think bout wat yur doin what u want me to do while i look at them imagine wat u want me to do tell me what u will do baby rock the baby i wanted to ask one thing k u said u like giving right yea where do u like a guy to cum? anywhere he wants where do u like it though tell me i dunno enough ur not on the pill are u? yes i am so if i wanted i could cum in ur pussy? u culd saty with me a few more mins fast, moms yellin at me u want me to stroke it ok dam moms bangin on my door im sry baby get on when u wake up ill be on hey ok i will! when u get in bed make it cum for me i will for u this weekend! all i want? yes ;-) bye baby get on as soosn as u get up i wll bye sweetie :-* play with that pussy whe u get in bed and think about us hey was hopin yud be online i cant stay on but ill check later hey im here oh hey! driving to get my lunch yur drivin an chattin to?  lol yea how do u do that i have verizon broadband on my laptop wow thats kewl so are u awww :-) u dream bout me last nite? no but i thought alot about u before i went to bed good things i hope real good i thot about u a lot to how nice it might be if i get that chance u culd u know fri nite or sat or even sun i could what say what u mean come see me silly oh see u i thought u meant something else well mebbe i do jus want to know what im in for wat do u want name it an i bet if u come over i culd help with that hold on drive thru k name it huh? sure if u was here i wuld do wat u want what would u want to make u happy an watch yur eyes while i do make me happy how? by doin all the things we talked bout last nite ;-) what comes to ur mind the most u showin me bout oral an how good it is i like calling it something else wat its bad that means its good ;-) u want me to say it how i want yes! licking ur sweet tight wet pussy till u couldnt cum anymore mmmmmm u like that course silly ;-) well im coming if u want me too i do how long can u be out moms gone from fri afternoon til sun nite as long as u want i want all i can get then come fri nite baby jus depends on how long i work or sat morning that might work better ill give u a nice back massage to relax u after workin so hard all week so what all u wanna do i mean where u want to and stuff where could we go? i dunno columbus if u want we got a pool an its real private ;-) i jus would want to be seen close to ur house wouldnt nobody here knows us well still cant see our house anyway i jus want to be careful theres trees all round and no nieghbors who can see they wuld just think u live here or sumthin anyway we will get it worked out by then k besides where else wuld we go? a hotel k if u want but u wuld have to pick me up i could do that i hate to see u spend $ tho when u dont need to hey i make plenty of money yea? yea and i like spending it on the right person wuld u buy us some mikes lemonade or jello shots? anything u want kewl wait til u get here to get a hotel tho mebbe u change yur mind an just hang here ok i wont do anything till we meet k hey wheres the pic u promised! let me see ok but its not a good one and if u dont like me dont be mean thats ok i wuld never be mean to u i dont see any oh wait ok i look bad i was in the yard all day no u dont u look cute big shoulders :D big something else also kewl bike to yea? wats that?  ;-) not sure if u can handle it how big was ur last guy? didnt measure lol but he said 7 did u like or would u like more? it was hard at first but i culd take more i think damn u sound good how big r u close to 7.5   8 maybe i will be able anything for u ;-) how much could u take of him when u were making him happy as u call it all the 2nd or 3rd time can i ask u something else about that sure where all would u let him cum? he always worea condom even when u gave him head lol no not then thats what i meant u never made him cum doing that course i did ok i see u dont like it there right? i got on bc since then anywhere u want baby where would u want it ummmm everywhere like hey its a long day let me think im looking at that pretty face when u wanna come just do im not into the mouth unless u wat i dont mind but i do have somewhere in mind anywhere u want ur hot ass lips send me that 3rd pis u have o the bottom pic* the grrr pic k i call it something else i dont think i look good in that one but if u like it...... u know whay i like it yea ;-) i sent it why i got it coz u like my lips looking right at iy it* u know what im thiking uh huh what quit holding back u want to feel my lips on u say it on where on yur dick yea but i was think something else also wat how good it would feel rubbing it on ur lips ill lick em for u lick what? haha my lips and u i wanna lick ur other lips i wuld like that i bet they look even better i hope u like em u have to spread the while ur feeling my tounge all over it mmmm and ill tell u how good they are hey moms yellin at me to help her ok get back on later or tonight hey is that yur truck in yur pick? kewl truck to yea but i have a diff now wat u have now 06 Dodge 2500 4by4 extra cab it cost 48000 wow green like that one plenty of room in it jus in case lol room in the back? ;-) both u could pro get ur legs all they way up in the front or the back shoot shes yellin again i better go ok shes bein a bitch today get back on later if i dont answer get on tonight k i will ur sweet later cutie!  :-* and i like u alot me to!  bye! bye hey tracy guess i missed u :-( ill try again later hey im here oh u r there! :-) yes u must be hidin from me bad boy ;-) no jus this comp is always like that oh u in yur truck again no i think thats so kewl u can chat from yur truck give me ten mins ok sure on the phone with my mom dont leave ill be here in a few i wont go nowhere how long u going to be on i have to calll my mom back in a sec i culd come back later if u need a while 20 mins k ill just do other stuff hey message me when yur ready i wanna say something but i will wait hope its good not bad it may be to good lol i cant wait ok ill talk with u in 20 k sorry im so late u ther baby? oh yur back! good i was worried ur was one gone* no told u id wait :-) i was just doin stuff away from the puter tracy? yea? do u really like me? yes :-) what makes u like me? yer a nice guy yur sexy yur cute yur i dunno just somethin bout u do u really want that want wat?  to meet u for realz? yes i know that but i meant the other u there u there?  i got booted yes did u see my question i ask yea well wats up? i ask u if u really wanted the other didnt u see my answer? no oooh 1 sec tracy inxcess: yer a nice guy no i ask if u really wanted to do the other an i said yes but only if u do u know i do i jus want to make sure u do lol isnt that kinda obvios by now? :-P yea talk to me so do u want to get together or not? yes :-) rite answer get together like u never have before is what i want i want that to i relly like u but say we want to stay together what happens then i dunno hard to keep that undercover when its that good i guess we have to figure that out together hey tracy im horny and sat is a long time away well wats wrong with tomorow? i may get off to late how late is to late? im actaully working way above atl k so how far is it?  im in fortson its like north of columbus ill map it on here later k so what do u have in mind for real tell me straight up im hopin u will come over im going to do that how early sat morning? that wuld be kewl im asking u how early u want mke um how early can u be here? im an early riser u tell me the earliest u would want me mebbe like 10? that would prob work perfect how long it take u to get here? not sure look it up ok? im going to check it before i o to bed i am so what 3 thing u wanna do sat ur top 3 we can do anything u want i dunno i want u to show me show u what i like how u said that i want u to show me wat u want i dunno as much as u i want all of u tracy in every way u show me k? i take yur lead an do wat u like two things im thinking the most wat r they? yahoo sux tonight what was the last thing u said yea it does i take yur lead an do wat u like and then i said i have two things on my mind more than anything ever an wat r they? its bad lol u know me by now i dont mind how wet ur pussy will get while im licking u and how very tight and warm u are i hope u wuld like it i will try one other thing i thought last night wat when u said u like oral both yea id like to do it to each other at the same time u mean like 69? u straddiling me yes i never done that but i wuld try i would give anything to see u like that u wouldnt have to do me jus let me have u like that u can have me anyway u want sweetie ok heres what i want its very bad u on top of me like that listening? reaching underneath spreading ur wet pussy and telling me what to do im listening i wuld do wat u want i lost u again sry u there? yea ok u will do what i want to do is what u said right yes :-) what if i wanted to lick it and fuck u all day i wuld like that :x tracy i have a problem wat i think u know oh yur horny an need to get off? worse than last night cant u save it for me? its hard thinking about u but its better if u do nah hell i could do it 5 times a day or more save it an make it 6 ;-) tracy its way to hard ill never go to bed what are u wearing tonight? shorts an tank whats ur 2nd fav color? ummm pink that what i want u in pink?  ok sorry what did u say last i just said if u want pink u got it ;-) what kind of panties do u wear? thongs or briefs u remeber i said i was diff right yea i want u in tight pink briefs k i got those i like them the best u like shear? i got diff ones what do u like to wear the most shear u mean u can see ur pussy tru them sorta yea lol dont laugh at me u got my cock all hard and ur laughing not laughin at u i just say lol all the time sry :-( i didnt laugh at u no sorry ever ok jus be my baby i will! i promise! what kind do u have on right now? light blue briefs are tey nice ang tight? and* yea there little i hate big baggy ones so ur ass it out a lil in them they kinda barely fit me yea ;-) ur making me wanna do something am i? yes can i? ok u know what i would like to see sat but u wont change yur mind rite? never as long as u keep it cool im always cool never hot? ha!  well xcept when im hot is it hot right now? it wuld be hotter if u was here talk to me tracy i am what would be hotter i wuld be u dont like that word do u which word? pussy i dont mind it when u say it i just get shy sayin it in chat does it get u warmer when i say it i get warmer thinkin bout u i want u to get wet tonight thinking about us i will i want to be with u an not just do cyber thing u will be tracy i promise jus dont get me in jail no way and ill always be there when u need me i dont say nuthin to nobody an theres nobody who can even see u here i looked around today and the nieghbors are like way down the road tracy i want it now bad wat do u want me to do tell me what all u want dont hold back i want to make u happy how by doin whatever u like i dunno things like u do u have to show me but i learn fast i bet ur ssetting me up ur prob kick my ass in bed lol i wish i culd i done it like 2-3 times u prolly done it a bunch jus keep one thing in mind if im licking u i dont have any limits k u know what im saying i think so what say it what ur thinking i dunno i just like the idea of you lickin ;-) can i lick all i want all u want baby where i want? anywhere u want what if i wanna lick that also u mean my butt? yea i never done that but if u want thats ok what do u think about that i dunno i just never done it u would like it trust me i trust you 100% can i go in more detail about that course i wanna know wat u like did u get that last i got was can i go into more detial i said jus thin about me rubbing ur clit fingering ur wet pussy and licking ur pussay and then ur ass while im still rubbing ur clit mmmm how often do u do it do wat? play with ur pussy oh ummmm.... i dunno i guess mebbe a couple times a week mainly depends on if i meet somebody like u or sumthin when was ur last time last nite ;-) u got off good alone oh when? when i was in bed after we talked after ok how long did u do it didnt take long :-) i was thinkin bout u what exactly tell me imagining u havin yur way with me like how i dunno its kinda fuzzy an dreamy licking u or fucking what were u thinking the most all that put the grr pick up in photos for me k hold it keeps signing off what did u say i just said wait a sec ok see it? can u send in photos u can just grab them from that link i gave u ok u can get them all u know what im thinking looking at that lips ;-) more than that is it ok if i do it yes :-) ur eyes and lips i cant wait i want to stroke it save it for me! what are u goona give me baby anything wish u would take them shorts off for me i will now imean i gotta go pee .... sry ok then come back with the shorts off moms still round but gimme a sec ook go pee and rub it alil dam baby i gotta go moms all wacked out bout leavin toromorw and wants me to help her get ready hey can we chat again tomorow? call me when u ge in bed get* i dunno if i can but i can call tomoow tomorow what time whens good? make sure i can hear my phone ring u tell me early after 12 mom leaves like round 12 1230 then i can do wat i want k 1230 hey one thing k what if i fall in love with u is that so bad? no but its geeting closer each day talk tomorow!  luv u baby!  bye! :-* love u to bye hey i cant call u til mom leaves prolly a couple hours i gotta go but didnt want u thinkin i forgot :-) OK CALL ME THEN hey i just tried to call u u didnt answer HEY I WAS INSIDE CALL ME BACK oh ok U GONNA CALL my phones totally dead i need a new battry im chargin it but it takes a while HEY hey THOUGHT U HAD FORGOT ME no my stupid cell battry wont keep a charge its a cheap one U WANT TO JUS TALK HERE ok GIVE ME ONE SEC k OK BABY hey so tell me something sweet i cant wait to see u me too wish u culd come tonite i  cant baby i know just wish u culd me too its to far and traffiic thru atl is bad right now i want u so bad though moms got some pool guy comin in the mornin so u cant come till 12 k? thast cool so now tell me what u wanna do spend all day an all nite with u ;-) doing what everything u have to say it or i wont come so i know u mean business course i mean it! then say it i wanna do those things u said last nite 69 u gonna let me lick it all oh yes all everything? anything u want baby an i will do anything u want me to tell me what u want licked tracy all of me would u rather me ask what i can lick start at one end and work to the other lol yea will u straddle me backwards so like facing yur feet? yes with ur ass right in my face what u thiking? u dont want me facing u when i do that? do what straddle u yea but i want it both ways remmeber what i said i wanted to lick yea what my pussy and something else an my butt u want that yes its eaire u the other way i wanna lick it good i get tingly thinkin bout it form ur pussy to ur ass from* welll moms not home take ur panties off no k let me know when u have them off k what do u wanna do with it? i want u to do things with it but i cant now so u have to rub it for me k but this isnt how i get off good i like bein in the dark in bed lyin down u wanna get in bed and call me back or stay here cant type on the puter in bed no i said call or here here coz the phones not charged yet tracy my cock is real hard david u be that way tomorow? most def im always that way then u need to hurry an get here so we can fix that for u ;-) how u gonna fix it tracy oh dont u worry i will ;-) im not woreeied i jus need a temp fix right now u wanna help me i want u to save it for me! it will be even better tomorrow i have to baby i havent came in forever good coz then it will be better for u tomorow ur being mean no im not!  relly! i mean it its standing straight up i want it all dont want u wastin it u dont understand that yet its good all the time i can get off now and again in an hour and the whole night can u do that with me? yes make u cum as many times as u want i want to a lot with u make u melt on my lips and my cock over and over i want that help me cum tracy r u in yur truck again? no in my house y dont u just come down tonite? i cant :-( make me cum i dunno how on the puter talk to me i am get nasty jus this time i dont like cyber baby i wanna be with u in real life skin on skin pussy on my cock an lips an hands ass on my tounge yes is it  ok for me to talk to u this way yea i guess but i wanna talk in person call me i told u i cant yet ok u relly r gonna come over rite? yes k im leaving about 8in the morning how long does it take u call me at 9 not sure yet coz pool guy will be here til like 11 its ok dont show up before 12 i wont we can go for a swim if u want its real private jus a swim haha i bet we culd do more could i take u from behind in the shallow end u can do anything u want to me will u lay on the deck and me in the water and let me lick ur pussy like its never been licked yes legs all the way up? over yur shoulders im going to stroke it tracy u with me or not? u just put em whereve u want im here make my cock cum hard tell me what u want tomorrow its throbbing baby i want u to lick me all over say it like u mean it baby i do mean it i mean make me think im at ur beely button what would u say belly* go lower ;-) david im just not good at cyber keep going baby ur are i dunno why but im not dont stop go lower baby are u in ur panties took em off like u said do u have any hair on it now no it was stubbly so shaved it for u u remeber what to wear pink panties an shorts what size are ur breast i couldnt tell i the pics b not very big but not tiny i like small its all in the nipples anyway there perky ;-) how are ur niples wat u mean? i think there nice i mean can u really tell when there hard yea they stick thru my shirt and do they easily get hard? if i dont wear a bra everybody knows lol is ur pussy a lil wet now yea a little touch it a lil for me k is that going to be my sweet tight pussy its all yurs baby ;-) rub ur clit baby and tell me what u want i want u to rub it tell me to i will but yur not here to do it :-( i will betomorrow let me dream baby today help me out u better be coz yur drivin me nuts open that pussy up and tell me what to do lick it for me say my name and tell me to lick ur wet pussy tracy lick my wet pussy david there u go tell me to lick it all for u lick it all for me david all over ur clit all over my clit then ease my tounge inside then back out ease it into me david more baby im so close lick it up an down yes more around an around then i want to go way down tell me go way down david all the way i want ur ass to baby run my tounge all around it while im fingering ur wet pussy lick my ass while u finger me david yes i love that more tell me how to lick it round in circles real slow yes more lick it real good sweety what u want next say it i want u inside me say it what i want yur dick in me make me think im rubbing my cock right on ur clit david i relly hate this ok stop i do anything u want baby but online is just weird for me ok i need to go do my truck anywa r u mad now? no im not like that i was jus way into it i will make it up to u i promise how much do u weigh? 100 and how tall 5 0 nice and small im pretty small yea u culd prolly lift me easy i like lift u up and down when u ride it? i bet u culd i know i could i bet yur strong i like that one thing i do want to see when we get strated started unless u change ur mind wat? i would love to see u o all fours from behond with ur panties pulled to the side behind* i will do that give me ur adress *edit* *edit* city ok its exit *edit* off *edit* easy to find *edit* or *edit*? *edit* ok look at a map i looked it up earlier im going to mapquest tonight its like yur going to columbus its easy yeah get the directions on mapquest an print them it will give me direction straight to ur front door i will this isnt my first rodeo ok? its a blue house lol rodeo? my first time but listen anyway its a blue house u know this is a big risk to me got kinda like white pillar things on the front porch but i know its worth it i wont let nuthin happen to u baby u be good to me and ill always be good to u in many ways besides the bed i will always be good to u sweety anyth8ing u want what would u like for what im gettong tomororow jello shots! or mikes and? no cash? i wuldnt ask u for $ ur not asking u culd buy me a new cell battry! whats the most a guy has ever given u? no guy ever gave me money well  i will how much would do u mebbe we culd go shoppin an buy some sexy stuff u like thats risky we culd buy it online i could do that have it sent to yur place then u culd bring it next time u come i dont need cash but if u wanna give me some thats up to u i wuldnt ask whats the most money uve ever had in ur hands i dunno mebbe 50 u could keep  hid from ur mom ? sure i hid pot from her lol she dont go in my room anyway hey yea? if u decide u dont want to go all the way its ok we can do everything else i wont decide that ;-) i can get off jus looking at u if u deoce u dont want intercorse we will just do wat comes natural an i bet i know wat that will be ;-) jus dont leave me hanging its a long drive that wont happen baby u will leave here happy i promise! how many times u wanna cum tomoroow  pick a number? haha.... ummmmm.... 10 11 is the magic number ok 11 :-) it is? how many times on my face? 3 how many times on my cock? lots so i can have ur ppussy anyway i want as long as im good to u oh yes tell me one hot sweet sexy nasty thing about tomorroow and i have to go dont hold back not cyber whats really fgonna take place my cock is in my pants im gonna suck u and then yur gonna fuck me u left 2 things out an yur gonna lick my pussy and one more an my ass which way u want my cock tell me dont say all from behind an rock the baby ;-) u liked that didnt u? yea after tomorrow it will be jus our rocking baby kewl and hopefully ui will be my baby i already am sweety is that my pussy? yep is that my ass? all yurs every inch or those my lips yep all of them ;-) what kind of lis will they be when u use them on me? lips* wet and warm i ws thinking something else but it was bad u show me k? ok jus one last thing k if u give me that grr look u know the deal right? i know u like it coz of my lips jus think grr whatever were doing ok? ok ;-) hey and ill show u plenty of lips :-) what lips all of them ;-) i wanna see ur pussy lips a certain way u can see em any way u want u spreading them using both hands and telling me to lick ur so wet pussy all day ok u just tell me to u want alot of guidance dont u i lkethat yea yur the man i want u to show me and tell me wat u want and i will do it and listen very serious k if u change ur mind or dont like something when i show up its ok ok ill be good to u still and u do the same but i wont ;-) so its 100 percent gonna happen no matter what? as long as u show up yes ill be there i cant wait what time u gonna wake up bout 8 or 9 ima sleepy girl in the mornins lol call me at 9 sharp k ill be on my way then i hope so if i have to wait its ok on the pool guy u mite but i can call an tell u when he leaves ok dont forget no way pink panties an tight shorts ;-) an dont forget the mikes! they will be the wettest pink panties uve ever wore mikes makes me horny ;-) u jus tell me what to get when u call k no condom right? dont need them :-) i ver can cum wearing one never then u will cum baby i wanna feel it like ur suppose to feel it wrapped to tight around me hope im not to tight for u so tight i mean i will be easy until u say diff no girl has never not had 2nds once its in its easy so u will like it trust me i trust u im not all about myself u will know that after tomoroow the more u feel good the more i do i feel the same way i like makin u feel good tracy i want u to be my baby i will be i am! and i want that to be my sweet pussy when ever we can it will be! last thing u know what got me to start wat ur eyes thay are so pretty thx :-) but listen when i show up u jus say yes or no after we say hi and that will set me straight cant i just throw myself on u?  ;-) put ur pussy right on my lips if u want did u look at my pic anymore all the time did u notice anything about my face its kinda far away but u got a mustach yea i shaved it all a week ago but its back u want it off? no i like that what if it tickles lol thats why i like it ok ill make u a deal ill keep tickling u if u dont shave for awhile next time k i wont but i wulda been all stubbly if i didnt this time thats ok to i like a lil hair its sexy to me i dont like stubbly ill grow it back so its nice an smooth damn i want u me to baby always remember we have to be careful i know and u will have me forever if u want when iis ur birthdate? then i will :x feb ull be 15 then right? yea iur awful young girl ur* but im no baby i know that but a judge would think diff jus remember that no reason a judge wuld know i know ill be honest with u til im 16 then it dont matter listen i did it with a 15 year old before and i came reall close to being caiught how did that happen we stay out all night and fell asleep in my truck it was daylight when she got home the cops called me moday monday she was very dumb this was last mon? no about a year ago oh i meant well im not dumb like her we went out sat and i head the voicemail when i was at work that next monday heard* u know what the detective told me wat after calling me 3 times i told him i met her on the ineternet and she lied and told me she wa18 and it was late at night and could he have told the diff u know what he said no he couldnt have and this wasnt her first time and not to see her anymore so u was lucky but i didnt have sex with her everything but i was scared to well that wont happen with me i know u seem aot olderthan u are yea but guys my age r dorks i know that and some guys my age are to lol but im not no yur not im good to a girl if she is good to me an i will be very good to u babt and i dont jus mean pussy baby like u know i said i wanted u in pink panties stuff like that if u wear them and dont even let me have i ok atleast u showed u cared about what i like i do wear the tightest one u have i have to pour myself into them lol i waanna see ur puusy tight against them whe its all wet ok i need to go k cant wait to see u dont want but i need to call me at 9 if im not on here later in the morning k i will ill be on the road by then k if im a little late its coz i overslept not coz i forgot hey tracy nevermind i beter wait tell me tomorow u know what i was goig to say dont u not sure should i say it yes only if u do first and mean it i luv u i love u too :x i have a very strong feeling for u me to its so different u might thik this is weaird but i wanna ask anyway k u never wear stockings do u hardly ever i think they are sexy as hell i got some tho what color? couple pairs black an sorta tannish how far do the black ones go up? upper thighs now im thinking do they have a band at the top u know what im saying yeah those are hot hard to wear with shorts ill wear em for u if u want no with a skirt what kind of skirts do u have lots me and u are going to get along girl i love skirts ill let u pick one out an wearit with the hose and the pick panties is that ok pink and black? sure it will be jus u and meanyway looks good together ok hey take care of that pussy for me tonight get it primed and ready i will baby ;-) u wiill think alot diff about sex come tomorrow i cant wait i love u i love u to :x u will be on here later right? prolly yea but i gotta get some stuff done so we got time tomorow when is ur mom coming back sun nite ok but if we can i dont want to hang around the house to much we can some but i will be nervous yea i will try to be on u wont be when u see it nobody can see it give me a real good goodbye tracy i miss u already gnight sweety!  i love u an cant wait to kiss u! :x :-* cant wait either bye baby love u bye! luv u to! and i want to show u how much talk to u in the morning if i dont have time on here tonight k bye nite :-* :-P:-P all over bye HEY hey! I CANT COME what?!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I CAN IN THE MORNING IF U STILL WANT ME TO u mean tomorow? YES yes i do but wat happend? I JUS HAVE TO DO SOMETHING WITH MY WORK TODAY I HAVE TO GO LOOK AT A JOB WERE GOING TO DO NEXT i was relly countin on seein u today :-( culd u come tonite? NO I COULD BE THERE EARLY IN THE MORNING THOUGH REAL EARLY IF U WANT im not a mornin girl IM SORRY TRACY THATS ALL I CAN DO ok but im cryin NOW UR MAKING ME FEEL BAD well i was gettin all dressed an everything was gonna make u lunch HOLD ON LET ME SEE HOW FAR IT IS I HAVENT EVEN DID THAT YET IT WILL TAKE A SEC HOLD ON SORRY LOST MY CONNECTION k whats ur zipcode uh... lemme see ok *edit* ok brb k 125miles 2 hrs and 17 mins is that to far? no but i cant till the morning :-( ok but u relly will this time rite? promise no matter what u sure? one thing i jus feel funny about being at ur house told ya its ok but if u want we can go somwehere else id rather that jus let me pick u up k ok come at 12 k so i got time to get redy an stuff when will ur mom be back sun nite late u sure yep she might even stay til mon she will call an let me know ill make it up to u tomorow i promise ok id rather earlier if we could i have a long drive back to where im working i gotta feed mollie an showr an stuff damn u move slow sry im just not a mornin person its ok im sorry i couldnt come today if i can work it out u want tonight? yes! how late could i come whenever u can u sure u want this? yes! yur the one who doesnt seem sure now im sure jus want to be careful u have nothing to loose i do my freedom i told ya i dont kiss an tell call me my phones dead agin can call in a cuple hrs u suck :-( how good? i was jus playing oh ok hold on u want tonight? yea if u can i talked to my brother i can yay!!!! buy only one way i pick u up ok we talk go for a ride get the mikes or whaterever u want if u dont feel ok with it we will call it a night thats kewl im sure i will be ok with it :-) ok with what? if u would be more open i would feel beeter about it wat am i not open abuot? i jus dont want to feel like im taking advanatge a a young girl u kow what im saying oh quit that silly im no baby well say it tell me exactly what u want i told u i relly hate the cyber thing im not cybereing im sitting in walmart parking lot i told u yesterday i jus wanna know what im coming for how much more can i say? we talked bout it over an over ok what time u want me there any time whenevr u can i have exact directions kewl its easy to find but its real dark here at nite thats ok mom got lost first time coz she made a wrong turn i can see in the dark lol ill make it before dark kewl! like wat time? what time u want any time u can i dont care early as u can 6 ok kewl want me to make supper? ima good cook no jus feed me something else lol ok remmeber where not staying at ur house k u mite change yur mind when u get here its safe no i wont k watever u want sweety what are u going to have on? shorts an pink panties ;-) will they be wet? once i get wit u they will be lol how ling will it take for the shorts to come down? long* gotta be somewheres private first when we get there how long? thats up to u ;-) hey i gotta get a showr an dressed an do stuff mom wants i will call later k? at 3 k love u is that when yur leavin? love u to babe :-* yea maybe before but call me at 3 k i will just come when u come sharp ok? k i called at 9 sharp this mornin but u didnt answr yea it was in my truck sorry i will call at 3 see u tonite baby! hey u want to in the truck or hotel? jus curious how u like better which one? hotel is nicer but watever u want is kewl with me well listen one sec ill get one close to u before i get there cause we shouldnt be seen checking in together is that ok? sure i dont know where 1 is tho im good k ill find one k pool guy is bangin on door i gotta go ok call u at 3 :-* :-* bye love u byeeeeee love u to hey*+*19:48*+*2*+*[0.5747149429885977, 0.4252850570114023]*+*1*+*