 hey iam glen---what your n ame and age r u gay r bi---- 14 vance, where you from? iam in indy--but my grandma in dayton go there alot to see her i like in greenville kind north of dayton ook tell me how u look i got pics u? i caught a virus--and lost mine lost my vidoes--and all my good stuff can i see your pics k thanks vance sent ook damn u cute im bored as hell hey--do u care-that iam black guy dude u hung? umm little bit --- not that big---only 8.5 inches im house sittin and just like way horned how big yours only like 5 but im still growin u got one pic of your cock i wish no cam come take one 4 me have u ever done stuff with a guy before :-p i would love to hey--u wanna meet sometimes i got the pad to me until tomrrow then they come home come over tell me where u at---excatly how to get there hey---do me a favor map greenville will u call me i got a cell phone will u call me u there kewl whats the # 317--258--7330 whats ur name again? glen when u gonna call me goin to grab da fone brb ok u there k fone is in cradle ok u sound like way kewl thanks so do u i wanna do stuff wiht u--if u wanna come over well tell me im fukin bored and now like way boned have u ever suck--before r been suck do u like stuff like that duh yeah kewl i suck and fuck and kiss--guys tongue kiss at that hope u dont care about all that i fuckin love doin that wow---kewl when u think they will be back i want to like now :-p mornin i want u too ook great i will come if u serious ur cock is huge i am like way fuckin what say again like serious ook iam too how long it take u? about----2 hours sweet since i dont know where it is mightbe little longer but for sure i would come it almoast 3 oclock **edit addy ** greenville map dat that the street name 5 k yip ur not like freak ru? like cut me up? hell no iam not into hurin u i swear to u k gotta ask likfe fuckin freaks on here u know? i understand u like buff? what butt fuck u wanna fuck me? sweet yea i would love to ur like huge that hurt i dont wanna hurt u tho have ever been fuck before yeah it hurt but if you like me i like to do it who u done it with someone---my age r younger a few guys from here your age i dont no how old u r iam older----28 like on guy in college then a guy who was like my dads age then like a guy like senior in high school form other town u got hot bod? i meet a kid from---cincy he was---16 u fuck him? we suck and fuck and kiss yea he fuck me also thats hot when u leavin? what time is it now like almost fuckin 3 i am so fuckin boned i wanna talk to uone more time---on phone----and then ill leave---i call me one more time will u please k it is like dead let me go see if its charged...brb ill give u some time u dont have to right away like a few more still is red...gonna go piss brb hey u there r u talkin to some one else u there hey washin my thing thang....bbl hey washin my thing thang....bbl*+*14:9*+*2*+*[0.5610932475884244, 0.43890675241157556]*+*1*+*