 do you want to talk? hiya hello? what are you doing? nm and u? same here wat is ur asl? 34/m/lawton u? 13 f OK sorry to bother you u aitn buggin me aren't i too old for you? it dont bug me if it dong bug u cool do you have a bf? not rite now u have a gf? nope u r in iraq? not any more i just got back kool boy i bet that was scary yes it was so do you like older guys? well idk i dont rlly like guys my age but i aint dated neone thats much older my old bf was 17 i like talkin to older guys are yo a virgin? yah are you home alone? my dad is home rite now are you in okc? i am in south part of OK what town do you live in? i am close to witchita falls but i never say for sure til i get to know sumeone more i hope thats ok np tx for understanding your really not far from me yah lol would you be interested in a date with someone my age? u would wanna date me? for real? your cute i think u r cute too :"> are you in your own room? yah do you have a cam? no im srry hey u care if i add u? u r kool please would yo ulike to see my cam? yah! brb phone ok what do you think? I think u r cute would you like to see more of me? like wat? would you like to see my manhood? i am not shy lol well i u wanna show me here goes omg big do you like it? yah would you like to see it for real? rlly? would you like to? like how if we went on a date i wold show it to you oh yah? have you ever touched a dick before? yah would you like to touch mine? well i think it could be kool would you like me to touch your pussy? well it mite be kool if we liked each other n stuff i think i could like you do you think you could like me? well so far u seem rlly nice do you have your own phone? no :(  i dropped my cell in the toilet at skool n my dad wont get me a new one t il the contract is up in march u wanna talk on the phone? would your dad mind if i called? yah he would be ticked i would hafta sneak the phone n call u lol we can lie to him and say i am younger then i am yah but i am grounded n he will get all ticked if he thinks i gave sumone my number do you ever sneak out? lol well i do when he aint here do you wear skirts? yah what kind of panties do you wear when you wear a skirt? dang i lost ur window srry got slammed hang on i need to leave the room so we can chat ok do you like dirty chat? well like wat do u mean? do yo umiund if i ask you aout your body? mind no i dont mind wat u wanna know? do you have a hairy pussy? nah not rlly i kinda like shave lol i would love to see that rlly? u dont like hair? nope kool u r shaved? want to see it again? yah u put on ur sh orts they are boxer shorts kool do yo uhave big boobs? nah they r lil srry what size? they r 30 a are your nipples sensitive? yah prtty much would you like me to suck them? well i think it could be vedry kool do you wear thongs? my dad wont lemme sux would you like me to buy you one? u would? if i did would you let me see you in it? yah if u wanted to u drinkin beer? dr. pepper ahhh lol i thought it was beer do you drink? i have like 2 times but thats it would you like to get drunk with me? rlly?!! sure wow that woudl be awesome!!! wat if i got sick tho? lol would u think i was a baby? i'd hold your hair aww that is sweet u r kool and you are sexy awww ty noone ever told me that before do yo ulike to have your picture taken? it is true you are sexy well i guess i do would you like to pose for me? like how? well i mite would u show neone else? only you ok i mite then does your dad let you sleep over at friends houses? yah do you have any friends that would cover for you if we went on a date and said you were over there? my friend becca mite but my dads goin away in a week or two n i will get to have 2 nites to myself your mom don't live there? no i aint seen my mom since i was like 2 so its just you and daddy? yup when will he be gone? well it depends he works all diff hrs will it be a weekend do you think? yah he always goes on weekends when he goes do u got weekends off? would you like me to visit you then? yes yah i would like that is it ok to get to know u a lil bit better tho? would i be able to sleep over? sure ask me anything yah!! that is awesome!! have you ever masterbated? i never spent the nite with a guy i tried it one time but it didnt feel rite would you like to have sex with me? well i aint never done it before i'd be gentle if you wanted to well i mite try it but u r awful big lol would you like me to lick your pussy? my ole bf did it and i rlly like it so yah i think it would be kool do you know how to give blow jobs? well i did with my old bf but i dont know how good i would be would you like to give me one? u mind that i mite not be that good? i would be happy to help you learn well that could be kool i cold teach you alot about sex if you want u done it lots? i am 34 rememeber brb gotta get some food k my name is scott but you can call me j how come j? my last name is johnson so everyone calls me j awww i c thats kool you can call me your bf if you want im 13 year old girl lol aww u r so sweet would you like me to be your bf yah i think it would be kool do you have alot of short skirts? well i got a few that r kinda short if you bend over can you see your ass? lol well not quite that short would you like one that short? well i porlly wouldnt wear it out like in public you could wear it for me well i mite only for u lol does your dad go through your closet? no he leaves me be prtty much so if i bought you lingerie you could hide it from him? yah he dont even look in my puter hes too busy to have to bother with me are you going to your prom? prolly not maybe when i am in high skool i will would yo ulike me to be your prom date? u would do that? if you wanted me to heck yah! i would be 18 then too so my dad couldnt say nething would dad mind if you got a web cam? i couldnt tell him he would notice that i could hide it would you like me to get you one? man i would fell like im takin advangtage of u you could pay me back by showing me your pussy when we meet lol oh yah? what are you wearing right now? well i got on jeans and a sweatshirt is your pussy getting wet? lol well i will be honest i dont rlly get worked up online maybe its cauz i aint got that much expereience? would you like me to give you experience? well i think it would be kool when we met what would you like me to teach you? well watever u think wouold be good is kool' would you like me to lick you from head to toe? :">  that would feel rlly nice ever take a bath with a guy? no i aint never that would be kool want to? yah!! u dont that before? once or twice kool was it fun? yes wow can i ask something way personal? u ever been married? sure u can ask once i got sepereated a year and half ago i c have you ever seen your dad naked since you became older? nah he usually leaves early and dont come home til late int he evening is he off today? no he just came home earlier then usual today i never know when he is coming that sucks yah sumtimes he stays with his gf im grounded so he is prolly tryin to keep a close eye on me if we could know that in advance maybe i oculd come stay with my new girlfriend i would luv that!!! do you have a big bed? he is sposed to take his gf away for the weekend just not sure when yah i gotta double we could have sex in every room of your house when he is gone if you want lol that would be awesome then i could remember n laff bout it when he is in that room srry i know htat was mean lol would yo ulike to fuck in his room? yah that would be funnyt we could fuck where he sleeps lol that would be funny we would just have to not leave a mess we could put a towl under us kool u got kool ideas are you on birthcontrol? nah cauz i aint never done nething but that one stuff i told u about then i would have to wear a condom is that ok? its no problem kool tx but i would like to cum in you it would be kool wish we could do it that way maybe i could get fixed so i can't get you pregnant u would do that? i was thinking of doing it u dotn want no kids? would it bother you if i told you i have kids ? nah it wouldnt how many u got? my ldest is 10 3 oldest awww that is kool yuo don't mind me having a daughter almost your age? no not at all does it bug u? no kool what was your friend that would cover for you name again? becca have you ever seen her naked? well in gym class i have is she pretty? she is with me in the pic do you think she would like to get drunk with us? idk? she mite would you like to see her naked at home? omg i never thought bout it would it bother you? well idk do you know how to play poker? no;( want to learn? yah ok u mean poker? strip poker i heard of it lol do you think she would play? i think she would she mite hafta bring her bf tho would you mind if i got naked in front of her? nah i dont think so if she doesn't bring her bf i could show you about a 3some wow idk if she would do that or not maybe if she was drunk well she miet she has done more stuff then me lol then i could take pictures of both of you wow just as long as u didnt show neone else just us 3 kool so in ur pic wat r u dressed up for? i just bought the suit in iraq and wanted to see what it looked like kool it looks good i also have a blue shirt looks kool how long was u in iraq? a year ewww im glad u r home me too so do yo uwant a bf? yah would you be my girlfriend? yah!! i would luv it would ur daughter get mad at me? she doesn't have to know just like your dad true yah i aint tellin my dad lol do you do any sports? no not rlly i am too lazy lol did u in skool? i wrestled rlly? did u like it? yes did u do good? waz u like state champ? i wasn't state champ because we had a strong team while i was in it, i was 2 string i c well thats kool too tho my record as a senior was 14-0-1 wow thats good the tie was another guy from my school at a termiment lol wow well u did good then yes so r u in the army? yes kool was it hard? not really i saw a movie one time where they had to do that basic training stuff and that looked hard!! not really, its mostly a mind thing so u like get in real good shape n stuff? not as much as people think, even though we do physical training every day it isn't strenous, if you want to get in real shape you need to do it on your own hmmm the movie i saw it was like they was bein yelled at and they had to run in water n stuff and it looked rlly rlly hard they yell but its really not that hard anymore kool u will never have to go back to iraq? idk i hope not dang i hope not too if i did would you write me? yah i would write u all the time would you have beeca take pics of you to send me? sure u got a best friend? not here in oklahoma aww that sux do ur kids live with u? yes where r they now? but i can get a sitter kool with their mom so u gotta break yep kool i just wouldnt want them to hate me i'll keep you a secret til your legal kool by then they mite not hate me how old r the other ones? 5, 1 wow a lil one aint that hard bein a single dad? do you want kids? idk if i do or not not too bad but yes how come they dont stay with their mom? i get them most times she gets them the rest i c if i had a mom i mite have lived with her but i am not sure what happened to your mom if you don't mind me asking? idk? she just took off one day ok sorry if i brought up bad memeries no i dont even  remember her i was like 2 do you have knee high stockings? yup thigh highs? nah want some? i got tites yah how about a garter? man but i dotn want u buyin me a bunch of stuff your my gf right? yah whens your b-day? feb 17 mine is feb 11 my cousin is feb 17 wow!! omg! feb must be a popular month or sumthing lol yup thats kool would u let ur daughter wear thongs? your b-day is on a saturday this year when she is older if she wanted to it is? lol i didnt look that is kool i bet u r a kool dad she says i am wish my dad was like that well since u asked me i gotta ask u she ever walked in on u when u was naked before? yes lol i walk around the house naked i am a nudist lol rlly? my dad is a prude or sumething would you mind seeing him naked? idk i never did before so i dont know if it would bug me or not do you think he has a big dick? he prolly does i bet he would hate it if he thought you looked at cocks lol well i aint rlly seen that many how many bathrooms do you have? we got 2 1 yours and 1 your dads? well sorta but his is in his room but sumtimes he uses the main one does he ever lock the door? yah so no chance of accidently walking in on him not rlly lol what do you wear to bed? usually like jammer bottoms n cami or boxers n cami cool wat do u wear? do you wear a bra and panties to bed? i wear panties either sweat bottoms or just underwear if i slep with you though i would be nude well that is kool i wouldnt mind that at all i never slept with a guy before what kind of movies do you like? i like scary ones!! how bout u? action comedy, sci-fi, pretty much anyhting i like funny ones too have yu ever seen a porno? no i never did u have? yes would you like to watch one with me? well if u brought one i would watch it lol maybe we could make one rlly? u gotta a video cam? yes, and my digital cam makes movies with sound omg that is awesome man u got all kinds of kool stuff do you want to make a video of us fucking? well  i mite lol i mite get a lil embarassed thats ok i never made a movie before oh yah? does your dad spank you? he slaps me sumtimes slaps your face or ass? my face or on the arm sumtimes my butt does he ever bend you over his lap and spank? he did one time i was rlly mad at him tho how old were you? it was last year did he slap your bare butt or panties or leave youtr pants on? i had on a skirt u ever spank ur girls? only one girl and yes which one? usually just on her pants or nightie does it make her mad? when she was younger i used to spank her bare butt the 10 yr old? not really becuase i explaine to her why i spank her yes my dad didnt even gimme tiime to explain nething he just grabbed me and threw me over his lap and spanked me then he left as soon as he did n wouldnt talk to me no more after i spank my kids i sit down with them and tell them why i did it then tell them i love them and we hug and kiss dang not my dad i think he hates me would you like me to spank your bare butt? omg idk how hard do u do that? wouldnt it hurt? not hard it would be sexual not punsihment sexual? rlly? how? we could roleplay like i was your dad and you did something bad so you would have you take off your panties and bend over and spread your legs so u would spank my butt or my u know? both really? guys do that? then i could fuck you in both your holes yes wow i never knew that want to know a secret? yah!! i bet i know a few guys that would pay 100's of dollars just to see you naked rlly? r u serious? some would pay alot to have sex with you rlly? but y? they like young girls like me? would you like to do that? yes rlly? how would i do that? i could find some people and then if you wanted to we could charge them to see you wow so i would only hafta let them c me? if they wanted more they would have to pay much more man but im a virgin i bet guys woiuld pay close to 300-500 to have sex with you but what kind of guys? guys between 21-and 34 and i would be there to make sure they didn't hurt you where would we meet them tho? and how do u know they wouldnt hurt me for sure? because if they tried to i would hit them upside the head with a baseball bat i mite not be afraid to let them c me but im not sure bout the rest? you don't have to do it rlly? they would pay to just see? i won't ever force you to do anything i am sure some would wat would we do with the money? buy you sexy clothes rlly? or you could save it r u bein serious or r u just teasin me? serious wow i would hafta think bout it is that ok? take your time baby u r sweet i'm your bf i rlly do like u i like you too who know i may come to love you rlly? maybe who knows do you think you could love me? well i like u lots i think i mite be able to i aint sure wat its like to be in luv do you get butterflies in your stomache? well i did a lil bit with my old bf and your heart get faster? yah a lil bit lol thats kinda like love rlly? yes would you like to see me cum on camera? yah if u wanna show me i would rather show you in your bedroom right now that woudl be kool but i cant talk dirty n stuff is that ok? i just dont like doin it does it bother you that i do? no it dont i dont mind if u do it i just dont feel comfy sayin stuff back wow that was awesome did you like it? yah u r rlly big lol almost 8 inches wow that is huge!!!! lol how big was ex bf? umm medium lol not big like u hey baby i have to get going, i hope to see you soon k sound good nite night baby niters back real quick baby i have a question about one of your pictures you there sweety? gnight sweety take care of yourself Hope to ttyl i was really hoping to talk to you, but the pwers been off and it just came back on i miss talking to you sweety hey baby hey! brb glad to see u here k back how is my gf? kook kool i mean lol i am ok how r u doin? u lose ur electricity? i did yesterday i was thinking of you all night though i thought bout u last night too i kept checkin to see if u was here is dad home? yah we r prtty much s tuck in for the weekend and wooo hooo guess wat? your not grounded? no i am lol but his gf is here blech so he is busy? yah prtty much can i call you? Im afraid to cauz the phone is downstairs He will wonder wat im doing if i go get it so what are you wearing? I get off grounding in monday on monday so it will be a lil bit easier i hope I got on a jeans and a sweatshirt they said it aint cold around here but im freezin i wish i was there with tyou so i could warm you up i wish u was here too it would be kool i really want to make love to you that would be awesome I cant believe u like me that way  somtimes i hafta pinch myself to think i could get sumone like u are you glad that an older guy likes you alot? yah i am :) im glad u dont treat me like a lil girl your not a little girl though are you i dont feel like one do you wear a real bra or a training bra? a real one but my boobs aint very big lol i'll suck on them anyways thats kool do u like big boobs on girls? i perfer eyes and asses kool lol when we go out we will have to act like i am your uncle or something you know ok i dont mind does it bug u? no kool when we are alone we will no better yah that is true i dont mind just kool htat we mite go somewhwere together u gotta hot car? i have a nissan xtra wat does that look like? it is a suv ooh kool i like them too the seats go back so we can make out in it ooooohh that is kool lol do yo ulike to wear skirts? yah i do do u like them? yes okay when we go out i will wear a skirt where would u like to go if we do go? movies that would be fun dinner also ooh that sounds nice too are you a cheerleader? nah but im thinking bout trying out next year if you did i wold go to yuor games wow that would be awesome I can do all the cheerleard stuff so i should make it are you flexible? yah i can do like flips and splits and handstands cartwheels backflips front flips lol would you like to make a video of you doing that stuff? that would be kool that way i could tell wat i needed to work on i have a question about your pictures ok the one at school with your 3 friends are you the one in the pink? i got a pink skirt on that is a sexy skirt rlly? are those tights or stockings? my legs look skinny in htat picbut they aaint that skinny lol they r tites do you wear panties under your tights? yah usualy would you not when we go out? if u dont want me to i wont i wish i could see you that would be kool i wish i hadda cam can you tell me where you live yet? well u promise not to tell neone? who would i tell? well idk lol srry that was a dumb question on my part we may what to be together but you do know that we can't tell anyone omg yah i do know that heck my dad would get mad and i would lose my puter for al ong time and i would be dead or in jail well i would not tell neone even my f riends for rite now the only one that knows is u and me so where do you live? i live in walters thats not far at all yah i dont usualy tell neone but i guess i trust u and i rlly like u too maybe sometime soome i can visit you i would luv that did i lose u? just thinking of how we can meet well my dad is still talkin bout going away next weekend that would be cool yah they go away sumtimes and they stay all weekend too u got next weekend off? i don't work weekends kool well do u got ur girls? they will be at the sitters kool well how soon of notice do u need ? thursday would be good to know byw bye k i will try to dig around and see if they decide to go i hope we dont get crappy weather again me too that would rlly suck i gotta be rlly rlly good this week too or he will make me stay with gram that would really suck yah it would then we couldn't meet yup cauz he would do it just to be mean so be good and stay out of trouble so you can meet your bf Ok i will promise you know what i think? wat do u think? i thnk your dad blames you for your mom leaving, thats why is is mean to you well u know i never thougth bout that but u could be rite he seems like he luvs me sumtimes but then sumtimes i think he hates me it could be either that or he is afriad of having feeling that he shouldn't have about you like wat kinda feelings? like the kind you and i have r u serious? it is a thought some dads do that well i look a lot like my mom i love my daughter but only as a dad i think he just dont like me lol well i will like you alot imglad it makes me feel good i hope i can make you feel real good u already do brb got to pee k me too imi back when u r back k so ur girls with u tonite? or does ur exwife got them? the ex gets them bet u r lonely for you awwww yah i wish it was next weekend now and that they did go away me too i want to take lots of pics of you in your panties do you have a bikini? oh yah? yah i do is it really small? yah kinda i wold love to see you in it well i will put it on for u :) do you mave a nice movie theater in your town? yummy closest ones r in lawton lol our town is rlly little we got a sonic and a a mcdonalds tho lol i guess i would have to steal you to lawton then, i would just have to take you places i don't know anyone k k tha twould be ok so what are you gonna do all night? i would feel like i was all grown up im just gonna watch tv and chat tonite i will make yu all grown up it will be fun i have to go baby ok i will be thinking of you though k look forward to seeing u soon can i be honest with you? yah i have masterbated 3 times thinking of you wow that is kool :D when you think of me does it make your pussy wet? well idk   i feel kinda tingly for sure i bet it would feel good if you rubbed your clit and thought of me well i think it would  but i feel too weird to do it lol can you do something for me? yah i cant why not? I will wait for u do you have periods yet? yah when was your last one? well actually im doin it n ow ok, now i know why you can't lol srry :x>:D don't be but that means you will be free when i see you next weekend yah i wont hafta worry bout it well i got to go now sexy 13 year old girly ok i will ttyl :) miss u bye baby like you lots u too bye >:D hey baby i missed you hi! how r u? better now that i am talking to my gf kool so did u have fun doin watever u did last nite? lol yeah, if you were 18 i could have taken you i wish well its good u had fun is dad still there? yup hang on k back missed you missed u too i can't wait to see you i am looking forward to it too!! we will have fun you realize after we meet you will be a woman yah :"> do you know much about sex? well i know sum stuff do you know that when a vigin has sex she bleeds cuz her cherry has popped? well i always wondered y they called it a cherry cuz the blood i think, it is really called a hymian or something like that yah we learned about it in health class what are you wearing? i got on jammerz lol i figured i cant go out so i just put them back on after my shower what do they look like? purple bottoms and a lite purple tshirt like thing do you have a bra and panties on? i got on pantines panties srry are you cold? nah not rlly my room is prtty warm is it cold at ur house? my room is cold wish you were here to warm me up that would we awesome do you have alot of pantyhose? not too many i like tites a lot would you like to cut the crotch out of some so you have crotchless tighs lol i never thought bout doing that i would have to hide them from my dad alot of what i am gonna get you you will have to hide lol oh yah? well he dont like look around in my room or nething but he would c them if i put themin the laundry we would have to wash them at a laundry mat yah that would be ok i am gonna get you some thongs and sexy lingerie also wow that woudl be awesome do yo uhave high heels? yah i got a couple pair cool yah they r hard to walk in sum times lol u like panty hose n high heels? yes kool i like all kinda clothes does ur daughter like clothes a lot too? yes i am pretty open i let her pick her clothes thats kool my fav color is purple so i got lots of purple stuff lol do you have purple bra and panties? yup so just cauz im curious y woudl u cut out the crotch of tites? so i could bend you over while wearing a skirt and i could fuck you without removing the tights lol kool i guess it would come in handy are there any boys at school you like well not in my grade but theres a guy thats a junior i think is kool would you like to see his dick? well idk i like how he is built do you see him everyday? i wonder if girls think like that when they see sumone they like well i see him sumtimes but not all the time what do you think like? well sorta like wow he is rlly cute! i wonder if he is a good kisser lol like that would you like for him to see your pussy? lol idk   i mite be a little bit shy and i dont know if he would like me too do you want to know how you can tell if a guy like to see a girl? how do u tell? if the girl is wearing a skirt or tight pants and she walks by the guy and he turns to look lol well he has done that before do you think you will see him tuesday? well idk i like looking at him wear a skirt tuesday to school and try to see him when you walk by hom look back to see if he is looking ok if he is lookg drop something and bend over to pick it up but when you bend don't bend your knees ok lol would u get jealous? only if he fucked you before i did lol i wouldnt do that i think i am falling in love with you rlly? yes that is so sweet I didnt think neone would like me that much well i asked you to be my girlfriend yah ithats y i kinda would not pay that much attention to that jr guy besides i think u r more kool why is that cuz i am older? well i do like that too and u r cute and rlly nice to me i also treat you like a woman rather then a baby yah and i like that a lot i dont like it when sumone trys to make me feel like a baby or like i am stupid i'll explain things to you but never try to make you feel dumb thank you i like learning new stuff just not when sumone acts like im an idiot hang on im gonna get sumthing to eat i have somethng for you to eat back wb my dads gf made chicken and noodles cool how old is she? she is in her 30s does dad ever let you have sleep overs? sumtimes as long as hes here when he is gone and i am there want to have one? rlly? maybe just 2 or 3 other girls well i know becca would prolly stay i could bye some pizza and alcohol buy wow that would be kool how many days do u think u could stay? prolly just saturday and have to leave sunday night ok well i wanna have sum time alone with u too of course i want that too kool maybe friends could come over later after we had sex once and got cleaned up k but then they woudl know about u and the onlyone i rlly rlly trust is becca so maybe we should only have her over k wat about her bf? then he would know about us also do you trust him? yah true no not rlly do you know how to dirty dance? welli know how to dance would you like to learn how to dance to make a guy's dick hard? yah lol that could be kool does becca drink? yeah she has a few times we did together that one time lol i have some codean if you want oooh i never tried them before would you like to? wat do they do to u? they make you very relaxed hmmm well do u think they would like kill me or nething? they won't kill you unlsee you od so if u drink with them and stuff it is ok? they will just make you drunk faster well i mite idk for sure and i dont think u would tell me nething that would hurt me so i would prolly try em no i wouldn't, i love you rlly? :) have you seen beeca naked alot? just after gym class does she have boobs? yah hers r bigger then mine idk if i i would or not i mite get a lil jealous if u like paid more attn to her then me would that make u mad? what if i licked both your pussy? how would u do that? there are a few ways like how? would you mind being on top of her naked or her on top of you naked? hmmm idk lol srry i just aint done much stuff are you willing to learn whatever i teach you? yah i think i would prolly try stuff do you think becca would? gosh she mite but mite not how do you feell about getting her very drunk? lol well it prolly wouldnt take much would you like to get her drunk and try things woth her? only if she was okay with it cauz i dont wanna make her mad and then have her tell on me that i do understand yah id ont want neone to find out nething no one will ceot us i will take some pics and give you a copy of them ok that sounds kool what do you wear to sleep overs? usually same thing as i do at home is your bed big enough to fit us both? yah i think we will have plenty of room were would becca sleep though well she coudl sleep on the couch would the bed be big enough for all of us? idk me and becca could fit in it lol i could sleep in the middle lol yah u prolly could i'll even sleep naked so you could reach over when you wanted to and feel my dick wow i never slept with a guy all nite before do want to? well i think it would be rlly kool to wake up next to sumone u loved :) do you love me? i think i do is that ok with u? it makes me glad yay! im glad do you mind if i say i love you 13 year old girl no i dont mind it makes me feel good i9 think its rlly kool that sumone like u tells me he luvs me i am glad you love me i do  and i cant wait til u come i want to badly i want u to rlly bad too do you go to the highschool or jr high? i go to junior you know what i realized? wat? that i am over 20 years older then you lol i never rlly thought bout it does taht bug u? no, does it bug you? noway i think its kool actualy if i was older would you still want to date me? well if u was like u r now i would even though i could be your dad? yah is that bad? not to me but to society it is well how would they know our ages? you look young :(   i know it sux brb baby but how do they not know u r my uncle or dad or sumthing k bak kool i have lasangna oooh that sounds good you know what sounds better? wat? what would really be good is if i was there licking your pussy that would be kool i like htat have you ever cam? no i wish i had one if i did i mite i mean di you ever cum? no i dont think i did when your ex bf licked your pussy you didn't orgamsim? no well i dont think i did if you did you wouild know well becca knows about it has she had one? she said she has her with her bf well i'll give you one is becca 13 also? i bet u will :) yah she is is she a virgin? no her and her bf went atw how old is her bf? he is either 15 or 16 so he prolly isn't that good well she said she had one before tho i bet i could give her one also u prolly could would that bother you if i did? no i dont think so as long as u didnt like her better then me i wouldn't like her better kool i love you, her would only be to help you get experience ok i luv u too would you like me to put my didck in all your holes? well idk i heard sum of them hurt lol we would use lots of lube if you wanted to try it in the butt well but u r awful big down there i would massage it first with my finger baby i don't want to hurt you u did it before? once did u like it? it was tight did it hurt ur gf? but i think your pussy will be very tight weill guys like it when they r tite rite? yes they do what kind of head borad do you have? i is like a lil shelf kind i got stuff on it is it kind of lose? a lil bit we might have to take stuff down then ok lol we gonna get rowdy? very wow lol i never been with neone like u before u just seem like u know so much i want to lick your pussy so good that you are crawling up the walls with pleasure wow my bf was ok but not like real good at it i have been around a few times baby did he lick your clit? yah it sound slike u know wat u r doin im rlly excited about u coming are you still on your period? its almost done :D lol yah i will be glad when its over whe i lick your pussy i will put my lips around your clit and close my teeth on it and hum it will be like a small vibration wow i never heard of neone doing nethign like that before its sounds kool what did bf do when he licked your pussy? well he just licked it and stuff sumtimes he hit places that felt good but sumtimes it was kinda b oring just your pussy not your clit? yay! i just heard we aint got skool tomorrow brb yah i think just diff placeds k bak wb ty so did u go out drinkin last nite? no went to my friends to roleplay kool wat do u roleplay? vampire wow do you have myspace? no srry do u? want to see some sexy underwaer i have that i will wear for you and becca? yah omg they zip!! you like? yah!! wow those r kool!!!! think becca will like them? yah i think she will if i cant get becca to come will u be mad? no it will be just us k just checkin cauz she mite or mite not do yo ulike apples? ya wat is that? sour apple pucker for us to drink lol kool is it like a wine? schnapps it tastes like an apple sucker wow that sounds like that would be rlly good it is it is stronger then beer oh rlly? i dont like the taste of beer it is better then beer wel had mikes hard lemonade when we drank it was good i love mike's hard lemonaid yah and they make sum kind of berry stuff too i will get you very drunk lol yah i drank like 2 of them and got all tipsy n stuff :D lol do u like to drink? too bad you can't ask your dad to get you birthcontrol oh i wish i could he would get all mad tho i know would they lemme do it myself? i don't know u get booted? yes bummer well if i was allowed to myself i could they might need your dad to get you pills i wonder ifthey would let your uncle get them for you yah hmmm well u could just say u was my dad couldnt ya? maybe well that mite work got booted wb ty my yahoo has been doin that lately >:D aww that is so sweet hey did u get snowed in? we got alittle snow, but mostly ice yah same here im so glad they canceled skool tomorrow u think ur girls skool will be canceled? school was already closed tomorrow because of martin luther king ahhh ours wasnt we was gonna have to go that sucks brb gtp k back wb need help whiping your pussy? lol well its good and wiped how about i check it with my tongue? lol that would be kool wat does ur name stand for? do you have any nighties? yah i do wulfker is a roleplaying name of mine for ur vampire? for a werewolf ahh u do werewolf too? u know wat? what? i lil while ago this guy messaged me n asked me to do roleplaying with him he said it was about a girl and her dad and it involved 50 millian dollars i don't think he would pay you that much no he meant it was part of role play stuff i iddnt do it cauz i dont know nething about htat stuff i could teach you if you wanted well i mite sum day wat do u guys do like pretend like u r in a play n stuff? kinda i mite do it when i get a lil older we could pretend i am your daddy when i see you well that is true wat is that like? i could be your dady, and we could pretend you got in trouble and then i have to spnak you so i get you naked to spank you then i fuck you instead lol well it could be kool but i would hafta think of u as my bf instead of my dad cauz u r much cuter i am your bf yah and that makes me rlly happy i wish i could make you even more happy u make me very happy neways i wnt to make you a woman u already make me feel rlly good and like im not a lil girl i can't wait to be with you me too!! i wish i could get you out of school one day and just make love to you omg i would love that of course i don't think you'd make it out of theparking lot with your clothes on lmao that mite be bad cauz my teacher mite see me lol he would prolly want to fuck you too then lol wish we had sum cute teachers but none of them r good looking want me to be your teacher? yeah!! i'll be your private teacher kool and u could teach me all kinda things and if you want i can tach some of your friends also just as long as u dont like them better then me haha never good you would always be the teachers pet lol good thing i wish it was next weekend now me too u dont hafta do ur roleplaying thing i think thats interesting i can missi it u usually do it every weekend? mostly, but when i can i won't and see you instead yay!!! lol i think its kool that u do that i would like to see it sumtime it would be cool but hard to explaine to them about you yah i guess it would thats ok do u ever tape it? no, but we might beable to well maybe sumtime u can and i can watch that way ok that would be awesome do u like dress up in costumes n stuff yes wow i would like to see u like a vampire lol you could be my victim lol oh htat mite be scary >:D awww u give good hugs they are better in person i bet they r wonderful ihave you ever frenched kiss? yah do you like it? i did when my b didnt bump my teeth i will be much more careful i think u would be awesome brb hadda take my dog to pee lol yah he needed to lol what kind of dog is it? a westie is that big or small? he is sorta small hes all white and i luv him so much thats good he is a sweetie will he get to be a big dog? no he will prolly be like 12 inches tall hes real smart lol have you ever heard about knotting? no wat is taht? it is when a human girl has sex with a dog omg r u serious? its called knotting because when the dog sticks his dick it swells and sometimes the girl gets stuck girls really would do that with a dog? yes some like their dogs to lick their pussy because dogs have such soft tongues omg!! man i would feel rlly weird even thinkin bout doing sumthing like that thats cuz your inoocent u mean rlly girls do it? yes some even do it with horses noway!!! hold on i'll show you oh nooo >:D lol i cant believe girls woudl do that yes guys too guys do stuff with horses? yes yuck y would sumone wanna do that? i don't know eww Check this out: *edited* noooo i cant look there is a web page about it does it have pics? i don't know want me to see? yah you can look at those pics they aren of sex k ewww yuck what? lol the pics i saw weren't bad i just cant believe peeps would do it with animals lol lol well you wanted me to teach you stuff lol  yes that is true it is just surprising i'll tell you thinks your dad or teachers never would u ever done that? no good but i have seen a girl get fucked by a dog before in real life? in a video, my friend showed it to me omg i think it would hurt wow peeps do  a lotta things i never though would happen well i doubt you'd ever try it nope not in a millian years lol once i was sent a pic of a girl giving a bj to an elephant omg!! how in the world would she be able to? i don't know dang that would be huge yup how can a girl get fucked by horse yah it dont seem like she woudl be able to like wouldnt it hurt real bad? and what about guys they would never be able to plaese her again lol yah i would think not i love you 13 year old girl I luv u too scott im rlly glad i met u me too brb k back wb ty love you i luv u too i never get tired of saying or hearing that i love it too im surprised u didnt get married again cauz u r so sweet maybe i am just waiting for you awww that is so sweet would you marry someone as old as me? well if they r as nice as u  i would you don't thnk i am weird cuz i am attracted to you? heck no i think its awesome you are a little woman ty did you know that in the old days parents use to marry their kids your age off to older guys? no how come they did that? the wanted their girls to have lots of kids, and the older guys were usually better off finacially then the younger boys still learning a trade well i guess that makes sense i wish i could marry you u would want to? really? or are u j ust sayin that? i think it would be nice that is the nicest thing neone ever said to me >:D :) why do u think i woudl think its weird that u like me? becuase your so young but you are so mature at the same time well i dont like guys my age i am so glad you wanted to talk to me when i ask you to i am so glad u talked to me lol i was tired of peeps yelling at me cauz i was in the rooms i don't talk much in the rooms i never do then peeps really yell at me lol i am glad you were in the room so i could meet you they think your too young well i dont think i am yahoo dont have no teens rooms neways i know i used to be in them rlly? i was always in the teen room oklahoma lol kool did u talk in there? yes they liked me oh i bet they did would you believe your not the youngest i talked to? rlly? how young is hte youngest? she was 11 wow that was 2 years ago bet u made her feel good too so she would be 13 now she sent me a video of her getting fucked by an older guy omg rlly? i lost it or i would show it to you wow she was that young n already doing that stuff? she was doing it since she was 10 with her dad was that was who was in the video with her? no her dad's friend he used to have guys pay him to have sex with her relly? at least that is what she told me wow well she didnt mind? no she liked it wow that is why i told you you could prolly make money showing off to guys but who woudl pay for it? guys online would did she make u pay for the one she sent u? no well thats good lol but she could have charged u think she woulda made a lotta money? yes wow so wat happened to her? you wouldn't like to try that would you? wow idk i lost contact with her do u think she still gets on the net? i couldn't tell you, i forgot her sn did u ever get to meet her? no she was in austin tx she wanted to run away so maybe she did oh that makes sense lol im glad u didnt meet her why? cauz then u would fall in luv with her and i would never get to meet u you have a low self esteem don't you yah i think i do :( you shouldn't you are very pretty well ty u make me feel prtty you are i think you are much cuter then becca aww that makes me feel rlly good is becca your best friend? yup do you think she is prettier then you? well idk sumtimes she looks rlly prtty i loke your lighter color hair she looks younger then you u think i rlly look older? yes kool!!! i bet your pussy taste better then hers lol well it aint had much done to it  lol do u think that makes a difference? maybe i always wondered bout that we could find out though if i tasted both you you lol yah i guess u could i wonder if she would let u would you want me to taste you both? well idk i jus tdont wanna get all jealous u ever been with two girls before? i don't want you to either once dang u have go to do everything!! tell me one thing u aint done yet not everything i haven't had animal sex or gay sex would u? no well thats kool i just dont think animal sex is rite 2 girls is hot, 2 guys is gross lol y do guys think that? becuase it is hard to think about a guys dick and get hard lol yah i guess it would be i think if two guys like each other tho its their biz but it aint my thing as long as i don't have to see it yeah i dont wanna see it either rlly but y do guys like to see two girls? it is every guys fantasy rlly? most guys yes would you be mad if i said i would love to see you and becca licking eachothers pussy? welli wouldnt be mad but idk if i could what is she ask you? well idk it woudl be kinda weird cauz we have never been that way with each other do you like to look at her in gym class? well idk i guess i am just kinda used to seeing her id ont pay much attn lol we have known each other for about 5 yrs now cool any other girls you thnk are cute? well i think sum of my friends r cute but i dont rlly look at em that way i guess do they like older guys? well we all like older guys lol but sum of them like guys our age how many do you think could keep your secret? i only trust becca that much she would never tell nething i told her would the others believe that i was just your uncle? well prolly if i said u was even if you dressed up with me? yah i could just say u was takin me sumplace special as long as they didn flirt with me lol i would be mad at them they better not flirt with my bf but to them i'd only be your uncle well u r rite i never thought about that would you tell them then ? i would tell them u was my uncle only only thing with them around we couldn't kiss yah they would think im weird for kissin my uncle lol would they think it werid your uncle letting you drink? they would think u was kool would i be able to show them how to play poker? u mite be able to lol it prolly wouldnt take much thnk we could get them all into their panties? lol i doubt it then i will just have to see you in your panties yah brb k had to pee n get a pop i would give you a pop lol a cherry pop yah i hear ya are many of your other friends virgins?] the only one that aint is becca what will she do when she finds out you had sex and it was better then she had? lol well i will only tell her if she comes over next weekend ok if she dont i aint sayin nething even if you are so happy about it? yah it will be hard but i just dont want neone to know if i dont have to you can tell becca if you want to well i mite im just a lil scared about the sex or about being with me? about tellin her lol i understand i aint scared of u you should be cuz when i see you i am gonna fuck you alot lol well that will be ok >:D >:D i want to be with you right now i do too i wish it was already next weekend do you have a mall in your town? no the closest is lawton so if we want to leave the house we would have to come to lawton yah prtty much well i gyuess we will be staying in and fucking all weekend well we got a few stores around here lol where do you kids hang out at? dont laugh lol wel hang out at sonics as much as we can til they make us leave would you want to go there with me? If u wasnt afraid to i would go there with u nothing wrong with an uncle taking his niece to sonic is there? No :D  not at all we just couldn't make out lol true but if a few girls could keep a secret we could let tehm get drunk well thats true i jsut dont neone to ruin it for me i been thinking of that black mail usually works yah cauz i luv u and dont want neone to ruin it black mail? if they got drunk enough and we could get pics of them doing things they shouldn't like wat? then if they tell they get in trouble also lol drinking for one, showing panties and boobs ofr others well tahts true and you and i would both have copies u dotn think they would just try to get me in trouble? no hmmm at least becca wouldn't well its sumthign to think about yup :) u r kool naw just a horny old guy that loves a sexy young lady lol well u just know so much i have been around baby wat did u do for gfs when u was in iraq? nothing i masterbated that would suxk suck there aren't alot of girls there for one thing the other is those that are there have about 50 guys they can have sex with so if you are lucky you have to get in line lol yah that makes sense in my battalion there were about 30 cases of the clap clap? it is a std, that makes stuff drip out and makes it burn when you pee ewww that would be awful!! i don't know i never had a std thats good yes it is can i tell you a secret? sure you will be only the second virgin i have had oh yah? hat is kool was ur wife the oher one? yes kool that makes me feel special you are special ty :) i will fight anyone that says otherwise you are so sweet to me your my girl im glad cauz i dont wanna be neone elses i love you I luv u lots when you are older would you like to have my baby? Yah!! That would be sooo kool but that would have to be when you are 17 or 18 well thats ok u think ur girls would mind haveing a baby sister? naw kool woudl u like to have a lil boy? i have 1 girl and 2 boys oh i thought the others were girls lol no oonly the oldest i c does she like boss them around? no they get along real well thats kool i wish i had a lil bro or sis what if you had an older bro? that would be kool then he could protect me lol unless he took advantage of you oh man i never thought about that and if you had an older bro you prolly couldn't date me u think not? prolly not well he wouldnt hafta know you what what is nice about your dad leaving? huh? we don't have to cheapen your first time in a hotel or car no i mean if i hadda big bro if you had a big bro we would have to sneak around yah i guess its good i dont little br we could bribe with money lol yeah thats prolly true lol i can think of one thing about you being so young baby wat? i can't take you to 6 flags lol y not? because its a fedral law you can't take minors that aren't yours over state lines oh i didnt know that y would they make a law like that? so it is hard to kidnap kids oh i c well they wouldnt hafta worry bout that with me and u no only underage sex u r so cute so does that mean u dont wanna? so are you i wish you had a cam i wanna be with you i wanna be with u too i rlly wish i hadda cam if you did would you show me your pussy? idk i mite after we met n stuff i love that about you, in some ways you are still sho shy lol well after we meet u will see it n stuff so i wouldnt be so shy :-* i love you alrady you don't have to be shy with me well i am prtty open with u i feel like i can tell u about nething you can u can tell me nething too does it bother you that i talk abot your friends? no too much  cauz i know u love me i just don't want you to hate me i dont think i could ever hate u i have a confession to make wat? i like young pussy lol well actualy im glad u do that is why i want you but am interested in your friends also well i understand just as long as u love me and only like them i love you and like them thats good I mean i am a tiny bit jealous lol but not like enough to get mad n stuff well i won't fuck them or anything unless you wanted me to well i wouldnt ask u to lol but i woudl try not to get jealous would you mind if we all got naked? would depend on who all was there what about ash or lisa? oh that mite be weird lol why? idk cauz they aint like in my gym class n stuff and we aint seen each other naked and i dont trust them as much as becca though i wold ask cuz of the pic of them well they r friends but becca is the only one i rlly trust im weird like that cauz i dotn trust lotsa peeps i understand booted again wb ty :) missed you sigh i cant wait til next weekend too bad your dad is there oh i know and his big old fat gf is here too AND her son how old is her son? 10 hes a pain at least he isn't trying to get into your room yah if i close the door he knows he better not he can just stay with my dad n his gf haha does he like girls? yah i guess he does at least he isn't trying to get peeks at you yuck he better not take a look at him and remember he might become your little brother nooo lol i dont want him for a lil bro they make me babysit him sumtimes i hope not ths weekend no they better not try it they usualy dont make me when they go away all nite i wish you cold sneak a phone call me too i mite be able to tomorrow if he works he came home early on friday so he should have sum stuff to make up hope he does me too i want to hear your voice do you have a mic? no i gotta dell and they put mics in them i wanna hear ur voice too :) i bet u got a real kool voice brb let me see if i can find a mic k back again kool did u get booted? yeah im clickin it  but it wont take me newhere try to invite me to conferece k it wont lemme do nething darn i hate yahoo sumtimes dang it me too lemme try again nah it wont lemme u gonna be online tomorrow? i will try to be u think i could call u then? yeah yay!!\ I gotta phone card n stuff so noone will know i called i mite walk down to the store and call from there cauz tomorrow i wont be grounded just don't freez your nice ass off lol i will try not to becca tells me i gotta bubble butt i like your bubble butt she makes fun of it :( she won't be making fun of it when she finds out that it got you an older guy lol yah shes gonna be sooo jealous i have a girly question for you ok what is the difference between tights and pantyhose? well tites r thicker and they come in better colors lol what color do you like best on your legs? hmm i luv purple tan is nice too want me to see if i can find you some puprle thigh highs? that woudl be kool!!! would you wear fishnet? hmm that would be kool wat is ur fav outfit for a girl? Check this out: http:*edited* wow that is kool want one? i just see a lady with like a spiderweb thing on its like a whole body suit would you like it? well i mite be a lil shy in it at first but if u wanted me to i would Check this out: *edited* or this? omg :"> you like? well i bet u do lol Check this out: *edited* i never saw nethign like that before they all would look great on you do girls rlly weat stuff like that? yes wow i never saw nething like it what do you think? would you like some? they r kool but i would never wear it unless u asked me to only for u it would be kool thats what i would bye it for thats kool :) hey sweetie i have to get going i hope to see you soon okay i think im gonna get off here a lil while too luvved talking to u tonite me too i love all the time i get with you u have a good day tomorrow you too nite scott night 13 year old girl i missed you baby is dad home? hi srry it took forever for my puter to lemme answer i love you 13 year old girl it was like it was still bootin up i luv u too scott how r u doing? better now that you are on awww did u get off work early? yes kool i been off since 11, i was hoping to see you then im srry we had skool toady today thats ok baby id dad home? no he aint here right now but his gf is makes me mad so you can't call i can walk down to the store and use the payphone do you want to? heck yah! what are you wearing? i have jeans and a sweater its cold out there!! is the phone inside or out? its in there is one at the back of the store do you have my number? no i dont i need it why not? nooo i mean I DO need it 580-917-5462 kool gimme like 10 mins and i will call ok yay! i cant wait to hear ur voice me too tty in just a few mins bye for now you leave yet? let me know when you are back k im back!! lol love you baby your voice is sexy i luv u too and so is urs srry i oculdnt talk long but i was freezin!! lol i understand did you hear about the weather next weekend? no plz tell me it aint gonna be bad they were saying somehting about sleet again' nooooo thats what i said omg i will bawl me too brb k back that was quick yea so hows ur kids? did they have skool today? no school here oooh lucky!!! and u got tobe home with them yep though if you were home i would have head to your place that would have been awesome oh scott i dont want the weather to be bad next weekend if you skip school do they call home? lol yep they do that sucks i was gonna see if you wanted to skip with me someday yep i do lol we would have to talk before that happened so you could wear a skirt with thigh highs that day lol so even if we get to be together this weekend will u still wanna do that for skool one day? i would love to be with you alot i would luv that oo too i want to fuck you alot u could come both days :D and if we can get you on birthcontrol i can cum in you that would be kool is it as good if u dont get to do it inside of me? i mean does it mess up things for u? no k good cauz i want u to be happy too i want you to be happy and i would never force you into anything i dont feel like u would have you changed clothes yet? no i still got on my jeans and sweater its one of those fuzzy comfy sweaters i wish i could remove them for you me too what kind of panties do you have on? well i like to match my panties with my shirt and my sweater is white lol so my underz r too do you wear panties with like babies and stuff on them? i got sum with bears and sum with flowers rainbows cats lol so like little girl panties? well iguess sum of them r thats ok if they are u sure? not all r we will get lots of pics of you in all your panties k u sure u dont mind my little girl ones? lol i can only wear the grown up ones if u like them we will buy you some thongs i even figured out how we can get you stuff from vitoria's secret without them knowing how? before we go i will get your messurements and then we will go in saying we are looking for something for your mom oooh ok thats kool then when we get home you can try them on for me ok :D u like underz alot? i want lots of pictures of you okay lol hope ur cam dont break they are sexy on girls specially when they show camle tow guys like camel toe? do you know what that is? yah there is a website that has it on it lol me and becca saw it one day we were laughing srry i bet you have sexy camel toe u think so? yes does becca shave her pussy also? yah cool i bet she has a nice camel toe we usualy try to hurry and get a towel around us if we have undies off are you ashamed of your body? no i jsut dont want no toher girl to know i aint got no hair down there lol i dont want them to stare do they have hair? yah i seen sum do but i dont look too much  i dont want them to think im lesbo or sumthing does it make you feel weid that you look? well sorta how so? well i dotn like girls i mean like that have you told becca you have a bf yet? no if i come by in the afternoon on saterday, i figyure you can invite her over around 5 pm okay wat time do u think u will be here if u come? i was hoping around 10 or 11 am oh that would be good i figure if becca comes we can get drunk by 7 pm ok u mite have to come around noon cauz i want to make sure my gram is in for the day, she usualy goes and gets groceries in the mron and dont go out much after that  would taht be ok i could be in town waiting for you to call me ok that would work do you have the game twister? yep we can play it naked lol that would be kool!!! we could oil up and it weould be funner oh wow i never thought about that lol do you think becca would play it? she mite you know what is best about playing it naked? wat? yuo can "accindently" touch eachothers privates wow Ima lil nervous about that part with becca i mean thats ok, as long as she wont tell we are good No she wouldnt tell I just dont want her to get mad at me why would she get mad at you if you don't touch her pussy? noo i mean if i DO touch her if it was on accident Oh well i dont think she would then it does happen in naked twister who knows she may tough you too I never thought about that would you mind if she did? oohhh idk would you get mad? I dont wanna be all like a big prude i mean i wanna try stuff but i dont know wat i wanna try for sure tell you what we can do wat if she comes over and if she gets naked i will take her aside and talk to her alone about you oj=k ok wat would u say? i owuld ask her how she feels about you and if she though you were pretty yah and i owuld see if she mined if you and i touched her wow well u can try it I know becca wont tell neone and i trust her with neone i mean anything but i just dont know if she would wanna do that stuff or not u want my honest ansewr? yes i want us to always be honest i dont think it would as long as i was teh only one u loved but iam not sure if u loved her i would be very hurt look at it this way you oculd watch and take pictures do u think u would fall in luv with her? how can i? i am in love with a beautiful girl named 13 year old girl k that makes me feel better when i called u was that ur cell phone? yes k you can call me any time just checkin so im sure i got the number to call u on sat plz dont chage ur mind im lookin forwrd to seein u so much i won't i aint never cared about neone this much i hope you still care this much after we met I will will you be on later baby? yah if u r gonna be here i need to run to walmart k i will be back after that okay i will be around see you soon k bye bye get a quick note i love you 13 year old girl love you hi! i luv u too i didnt think u was comin back i told you i woud i will never lie to you kool im glad u r back me too i missed you how was ur trip to walmart good brb bak wb ty so u gotta work tomorrow? unfortunatly do you have school? yah as far as i know i can't wait for sat r we sposed to get nemore snow or ice? maybe if we do they mite cancel they cancedl in lawton not here it sucked!!!! yuou know sometimes sucking can be good lol oh yah? yeah like when i am sucking on your clit i think im gonna expreience a lotta new things this weekend lol yes you are :D when we are done you will be a very experienced woman im getting so excited about the weekend gettin here me too its gonna be awesome!! yeah is dad home yet? yah what are you wearing? got my jammerz on now night jammies or top and bottom jammies? top and bottom do they button up no they r like tshirt material are you done with your period? yup all done :D i can't wait to taste you i cant wait too so your my valentine right? yah and will u be mine? of course that is so sweet i saw something i want to get you for valentines wat? a bear awwww that is so sweet what color do you like? purple lol i will look for a purple bear that is sweet wat would u like from me? your pussy lol you don't have to get me anything well i wanna get sumthign for u you can get me whatever you want as long as it is not expensive well i got my babysitting money just don't spend alot on me baby well i rlly like u tho i luv u i love you too wat time do u hafta get up to go to work? 4 am oh ewwwww yuck i would hate that!!! i do i dont blame u but if i was with you when i had to get up that early i would wake you up for a before work fuck lol u like that early in the mornin? with you i would like it all the time morning noon nite? yep who knows we may be fucking when becca comes over lol yah that is true what would she say to that? lol idk she knows i aint ever done nething i could show you both so much yah i bet u could as long as your willing to learn i am i dont know about becca if she is i'll teach her as long as you don't mind as long as u dont luv her i ove you good i think i could handle it as long as u didnt like   ohhhh becca i luv u what if i said becca i love the way you suck my cock? hmmm thats a tuff one i woldn't love her just her work lol well i dont want her to be better then me you know i was teasing right? yah well i think i was' >:D >:D can i ask you something surious? sure have you ever thoght of running away? yah sumtimes if you ever do now do me one favor wat? call me if you do it how come? so i can take care of you rlly? i woud give you a ride to where you want to go and gibveyou some money brb hb i gtg my dad is mad at me rite now ttyl bye ba hey sexy hi! brb baby k srry about that sexy :-*>:D brb how is my beautiful girlfriend? hb back wb i been thinking about you all day i didnt think u was here when i got on i was glad when u messaged me i just signed on ans say you is your dad's plan gonna hapen this weekedn? weekend im not sure its sposed to snow real bad i hope so i really want you i want u too if they dont go do u think u could come next weekend? i will meet you whenever i can okay it will kill me to hafta wait a week does your town have a hotel? no lol darn not that i know of i was gonna say maybe i could get a hotel room and if you could get becca to lie for you, you could stay with me oh that would be so awesome do you have a microphone? no i dont maybe i will have to get you one with the cam that would be kool then we can talk on the comp i would luv that what are you wearing? i got on sweats and a tshirt lol sexy aww ty srry i had to leave so fast last nite what happened? my dad got mad cauz my dog poopedon the floor and i didnt see it and i didnt clean itup did he spank you? so he yelled at me to get it cleaned and said if i didnt watch him better he wouldget rid of him no he just got rlly mad :-*>:D i didnt kno he did it or i woulda got it rite away i know sryy i hit the wrong button is ok so wat did u do today? went to work from 9-1130 koo so wat do u do in the army? carpenter oh wow thats kool did u freeze ur butt off? naw we cleaned weapons today guns make me rlly scared i could teach you about them oh i think i would even be scared to touch one i have a gun you can touch lol it is made of flesh and is about 7 1/2 inches long, it shoots white goo lol hmmm is it dangerous? only if it goes off in your holset without a covering lol i love you sexy 13 year old girli so wat did u do for the rest of the day? nething good? i luv u too ':D i took a nap cuz you were at school awww im glad u dont get online n flirt n stuff with other girls i am a flirt sweety but you are the only one i love well that is ok i flirt sumtimes too do u have ne funny stories about u? lots tell me one? once when i was 18 i was in the army and got really drunk well my room was across the hall from the bathroom and next to the stairway well needless to say rather then going into the bathroom i went to the stairway and pissed lolol omg did u get in trouble? nope all i had to do was clean it up lol the funny part is that 3 girls saw me omg lol did they tease u? 1 year later i ended up dating one of them lol that is kool how old was u when u was married? 25 i been alone for a year wow u was married for a long time yeah, only stayed so long cuz the kids u didnt luv her? nope ahh im srry but i do love you i luv u too i rlly do i like hearin stuff that u tell me brb baby k phone k bak it was my nice k my nice is almost as old as you niece oh yah? she will be 12 tomorrow wow is she havin a party? maybe this weekend, she is in washington state wow so does she live in OK? or just visiting there no she lives there i see she just calls to say hi? yes, i am her favorite uncle awwww i dont blame her u would be mine too but the difference is you and i can fuck lol true what kind of panties do you have on tonight? i have on pink ones they r like silky bikini kind back baby i forze up i wondered so what kind of panties do you have on? they r pink silky like ones with pink lace lol i bet they are very sexy i like them i like the silky ones they make your pussy feel good? well i like how they feel against my skin i guess u like the silky ones? on you yes kool wat is ur fav kind? on a girl? yah thong, or lacey kool wat is ur fav kind to wear? i wear either boxerbrief, or nothing kool what do you want me wear for you? well wat do u think would look good? i'll bring those velco ones for you those were kool lol want to see them again? yah i'll get undressed for you on cam u r so sweet i want to see your pussy so badly well u can when we meet i will bring you a cam so i can when we talk also kool!! lol those r so kool they are nylon looks like it froze too bad can you see? yah i do its so big :) wow boy u sure aint got no fat your pretty skiny yourself lol yah i aint too big i am afraid i will break you lol im tough can you put your leg behind your head? yah i cant do all that stuff both legs? im gonna try out for cheerleading next year hmm i dotn think i ever tried both legs we will try both legs lol oh yah? it is a fun fucking posistion u did it before? yes it tightens up the pussy while giving it a different angle of rubbing wow i will show you it lol like i told u yesterday i think im gonna learn a lot kool i think i oculd give you and becca a real sex education class if she wanted it lol yah i think so too u ever did stuff with 2 girls? do you think she would like to learn more? once did u like it? yes were they like friends? yes they were strippers lol did u hafta pay them? nope do u go to strip clubs? yes lol wat r they like? if we could get you a fake id i would show you rlly? do you know were to get a fake id? r they like wat they show on tv and stuff? no i dont know newhere to to bad it woudl be kool to have a fake id!! if we could get ont that said you were 18 we coud have fun yah! i could do lotsa things i could take you across state lines to have sex lol where would we go? texas do u like texas? it has 6 flags oh wow that would be fun i aint never been there before maybe we can go to fronteir city this summer i would go newhere with u :) brb if we could get you away form home for a couple days back my dad wb dog make another mess nah he just wanted to talk to me for a min i hav beeen watchin my dog like a hawk today lol he doesn't know about us does he? heck no!! lol thats good what did he want to talk about? u aint told noone have u? nope he just wanted to lemme know he would be late tomorrow kool how late? prolly around 7 he said so you can call me from home tomorrow it will be long distance i think i got my card tho do you still have your phone card? yah i do lol want me to get you another one? well i got like46 mins on it still i wish i could talk to you 24/7 that would be so kool you know what would be cooler? u would get sick of me lol wat would be kooler?? if i could wake up next to you everymoring and your dad not caring' oh that would be awesum i wish i cold marry you i would luv that i would be 13 year old girl johnson lol jj what is it now? u wont tell neone? nope its **** i know its dumb why are you ashamed of it? lol cauz i dont know neone with that name i have heard of it before kool wat is ur middle name? william that is kool what is yours? nicole nice i have 2 neices with that name nicole? or 13 year old girlica nicole? nicole kool so wat is ur favorite name? 13 year old girlica nicole johnson is a good name yah!!! I would luv that i have 3 favorite names though wat r they? Mara Christine, Garion William, and Arik Jaden i bet those r the names of ur kids? yep awww those r nice names i picked them all out wat would u name a new one if u had one? depends on if it is a boy or girl k boy name? a boy name i am not sure i have one of those picked out anymore hmm how bout a girl name? it owuld have to be an uncommon name though Morigan DeFey, or Rowan Celest i like the name jade ohh those r kool i like both of them do u want more kids? only if it was from you awwww then u would have 4 would you want to have my baby? i htink i would luv it if i wasn't in the army you know what i wold do? wat woudl u do? i would take you and run down to brazil to live with you the rest of my life rlly?!!! would you want to be kidnapped? it would be kool as long as it was nobody but u lol have you cut out the crotch of a pair of your tights yet? no i thought i would wait for u sounds good kool then i will do it like u like it is your pussy moist? i dont think so can you touch it and see? i dont wanna ok i just dont like touchin myself maybe after u and me meet i will feel better about doin it touching yourself is sexy not dirty i just wanna wait on u after we meet you will not be the same little girl anymore thats ok so last nite u said if i ever ran away u would help me? i dont mean im gonna or nething i am jsut wondering i would the best i could without getting in trouble kool i dont think i am gonna but its nice to know i could ask sumtone to hlep me a lil bit i would drive you to another city at least that is sweet would u miss me? not really cuz i would know where you are and could see you well thats true and i oculd fuck you when i wanted yah lol i sumtimes wonder if my dad would even care i wanna beleive he would but idk for sure you do now though alot of runaway girls become hookers y do they do that? so they can afford to have a place to live and eat and drugs wow i just hope if you do run away you won't think of doing drugs well i done none yet i dont think i would if you wanted to be a hooker i would be your pimp to protect you just wat do pimps do? the collect the money and make sure the hookers don't get hurt then they give the hooker part of the money and keep the other part wow i dont know if i would wanna do nething like thta tho if you do you promise to let me know first ok u wouldnt get mad? maybe a little but i wold support you kool if you became a hooker would i still get to fuck you for free? lol well yah >:D that would be rlly weird tho how so? doing sumthing like that aint there other jobs? you don't need to do it when you run away? like a live in babysitter? well its good to know if i need a lil help that u would help me if you became a live in babysitter i bet you would be fucking the dad shortly after moving in lol your so sexy well idk bout that so r u brb back kool had to tuck my kids to bed awww that is sweet does your dad tuck you in? no would you like him to? hmmmm idk are you in your night clothes yet not yet i wish i could help you undress lol that would be kool yes it would i want you i cant wait we r gonna have fun yes we are i hope it hurries and gets here sorry phone i want you so badly its ok :) so what is your full address? i will tell u when i know for srue they r goin sounds fair u r so sweet i think sum peeps would get mad and u never get mad at me don't want me sneaking to your place is that it? i just wanna be sure we can meet before i tell you know once i know i may come by and have you sneak out lol well just lemme  know here first and i would try  to be waiting for u lol i will kool do yo uhave lots of skirts? i got like 4 i think when we go places i wold like you to wear skirts i will if thats wat u like would you like a real short skirt? well where woudl u want me wear it? to the movies with me lol if we went sumwhere where noone knew us would that be ok? sure kool Check this out:*edited* how do you like that skirt? it is rlly cute!! would you wear it? yah i like it Check this out: *edited* how about this? *edited* htat is rlly prtty would you wear it for me? yah!! its rlly cute i have a fe more for you to see ok Check this out: *edited* yah htat is cute! Check this out: *edited* wow that looks kool Check this out:*edited* let me know if you want me to buy you one that is cute too i would never ask u to buy me nething you don't have to ask u r sweet i am in love i am too :) i like all of them Check this out: *edited* want that? Check this out: *edited* that would be kool! i luv that color want one? rlly? Check this out: *edited* yes that one is rlly cute got booted i thought so idk y yahoo has been doin that can i show you a sight i found that reminds me of you? yah Check this out:*edited* Check this out:*edited* i think she is cute aww she is cute would you like to pose for me like that? wow would you? well they aint rlly dirty or nething do you want to do dirty poses? idk? i'll bring my camera when i see you ok i'll take pics of you and if becca wants i all take some  of her too ok that mite be kool i didnt think those pics were bad at most they show panties yah brb ok srry hadda take my dog out >:D >:D wan to see some dirty pics? of who? of little girls doing wat? Check this out: *edited* k do you see it? wow what do you think? wow lol would you like me to take pics of your pussy? well wat would u do with em? look at them u wouldnt show neone else? only if you wanted me to wel lidk i did have one thought though wat? rlly? how much money i think it depends on how many times the website gest seen so do they pay u rite when us end em in i could find out for you rlly? are you interested in being a web model?> u think im prtty enuff? you are prettier then those girls u rlly think so? yes and i am not just saying that cuz we are dating wow i wonder how much money i would make i know you'd make more if you had some with becca u think so? yes wat would we hafta do? just pose hmmm its up to you well i dont know if becca would but i think it would be cool to make a lot of money all you have to do is tell her she can make money well she might like that how much money do you think? maybe 50 to 100 that is at first maybe more later for each pic? for each session so they take the pics? or u take pics and send in? i take the pics send them in okay i will be your photographer kool u think u could like keep the money for me until i wanted it? just remember it is proper to fuck the photographer lol yes, we could open a special account for you that would be kool and if i need money i could just get it out? yep wow so i would have money all the time sure wow u r so kool scott if you wanted to i bet we could even find out how to make money on pics of you fuckingme oh really? but would u get in trouble? cauz u r older? not if i didn't show face kool woudl i hafta show my face ? no u think i should? only if you want to well wat do u think? i think we can take the pics and if you deside later we can send them in do u think neone would like know me? only if your dad looked at those sites oh i dont think he would is his gf there? no just him tonite can you here when they have sex? sumtimes is she loud? oh sumtimes yuck do you think you will be loud? remember it will hurt at first but feel good later well idk if iw ould be or not if it feels good make noise okay r u loud? i can be, and i talk dirty too will you still be here i am gonna go switch computers like how? yah brb back wb your so sexy so r u when you going to bed? im not sure lol where r u at? my bed ahh i c u gotta laptop? yep kool me too i have a laptop and pc my dad has a pc but me only a laptop do you ever get in his computer? no not usualy i bet he has alot of porn on it idk he mite do you to read? yah i do want to read some sexy stories? sure Check this out: *edit* k which one r u reading? i like to read the inscest ones k can i ask a dumb question? sure wat exactly does incest mean? family sex u mean like bros and sis and stuff? and dad and daughter rlly? do they rlly do that? Check this out:*edited* k who writes these? people it kind of reminds me of us rlly? i sm old enough to be your dad yah but we aint related if i was your dad would you let me fuck you? oh wow thats a hard question lol would u like me that way if u was? yes well i like u so much luv u :) actually me too baby but wouldnt it be diff if we was dad and daughter? it would be wrong but nice yah it would do you find your dad attractive? no i mean he is good lookin but i dont think botu him like that what about becca's dad? he is ok would you let him see your pNTIES? panties my dad or beccas? both well im sure my dad has seen mine wow would you show becca's dad? idk i like u do you ever sleep at her house? sumtimes i love you i luv u do u ever think bout ur daughter that way? want to hear my voice no not really but y would u me andn ot her? i dont understand i don't know i bet if i was ur daughter u wouldnt like me like that either i wish i did maybe not iwould be sad then but i woud tuck you in kool it wont do nething darn i wouldnt work last time either let me try this k it aint doin nething i clicked accedpt damn srry :( i was hoing you could hear me i wanted to too brb gtp want help? lol silly brb hb back need help whiping? i think i got things prtty dry lol want me to ceck it for you? lol silly i cold lick it dry for you oh yah? but wouldnt it taste icky? your pussy would taste sweet prolly would taset like pee we would wipe that off first kool so where should we fuck at? my house i mean do you want to fuck just in your room? well i dont care it will just be u n me so we could prolly do newhere we wanted want to fuck in your dad's bed? yah :D what about the tub? ooh i never thought about htat before that would be awesome and the couch? yah newhere u wanna maybe we can get becca to film us rlly? wow that would be kool do you have a cam corder? my dad has one sumwhere he uses it for his job is it digital? im not sure i'll try to bring mine u would hafta keep the tape too i knw i would put it on my computer to watch? yup and to send you kool maybe we could get becca to join in also well i guess u could try if she saw my dick do you think she would like it? i would think so it would be cool if you could trust more then becca then we could have a party im afraid to lissa and ash are good friends and they never broke my trust but i just trust becca most your friend ash looks like she would be a fun drunk aslo idk she aint rlly done much with boys you think she wold like to learn? she says she wants a bf but u r my bf would you mind if i showed her stuff even though i love you only? man idk thats two of my friends i'd only teach them if you wanted me to idk for sure i know ash is a virgin too you know i like vigins lol i know u do how come u like them so much? they are tight? this is dumb of me to ask but y is so tite so good? does it bug u when i ask dumb questions? becuase you can feel the sides of the pussy no, i am here to teach you about sex but if i do it lots wiht u i wont be tite nemore rite? you'll still be tight its if you do it with alot of guys i c and it is like every other muslce it gets stronger with exercise wow i didnt know that there are exercises you can do that will keep you tiight for ur umm crotch? one thing about sex is that your pussy will loosen enough to get the dick in you yah i want you so badly i want u too scott u r so big i want you to feel it i am looking forward to it very very much which of your friends do yo uthink would like to see? hmm idk which one do u like best? you but i wold like to see ash naked and becca too not lissa? hmm says its not available oh well y did it do that? idk so which one wold you like me to see naked? well u seem like u like becca lots not as much as i do you i hope not but the reasn i say her most is cuz you trust her most yah that makes sense well i guess im gonna get off here i need to take curly out to pee n im hungry for sum reason u think u will be on tomorrow? yes k i will talk to u then >:D love you 13 year old girli i luv u too scott niters night where you at sexy? I can't come visit you if i don't know where you are hey! hi baby i love you i luv u too and i miss u!!! they didnt go this weekend i want you so badly i want u too i cant wait to see u that sucks yah i am so down about it are you grounded? not rite now i have an idea so we can meet how? would your dad let you hang out at your friends for the day? he should we won't beale to be together all night but a few hours would be nice yah it would you said you have a sonic? yah how about we meet at the sonic then we go find someplace where noone is and make out? ooohhh well lemme c wat he is doing and c if he will lemme go out k? oh i want ot sooo bad if he does see if becca will cover for you yah she would  i know sh ewould if we can meet wear a skirt with your tights oik hang on k hes on phone and waved me off i will hafa wait a few ok, is he on the phone with his gf? no she is here ahh so wat u been up to? thinking of you all week waiting to see you i want ot c u so bad is it bad there? just raining its spittin snow here are you dressed? no not yet u? what do you have on? i got on a t and jammer bottoms sexy ty :) dang i wish he would get off phone im kinda excited i hope we can hang out oh me to sooo much will you mind that we will fuck in a car rather then your bed? nah it will be ok u will still come when he goes away? yes k thats good when he is gone we can make the movie, and take the [ics yah! that would be kool to see it back will u watch it lots? yes i cant keep a copy weil u show me on theputer sumtimes? of course kool u gotta digi? yes kool lol its gonna be fun i got a question for you though k since we can't be at your house should we involve becca in our plan or not? well how bout when he goes away? that is what i am asking should we wait til then? yah prolly would be better and i will try to talk her into it do you think you will have to try to hard? idk? i never talked to her about nething like that before he needs to hurry my dick is getting hard i think it is sum biz thing what does he do? he is a real estate guy do you know someplace where we can park? hmm maybe behind the skool remember don't wear panties under you tights ok lol hang on hes off ok brb back sigh i hate him he said no? he wont lemme go newhere i tried to argue and he said he would gruond me if i didnt shut up too bad i cuoldn't sneak into yuor room that would be so naughty lol and exciting u there? srry had to go pee want to help me next time? yah lol i want your pussy so badly u will get it do you have a big house? yah its pretty big i can't wait til we fuck in every room lol that woudl be sooo kool you know what you should do to him since he makes you so mad? wat? after we fuck in his bed take his pillow out of the pillow case and rub the juices on his pillow then put the pillow case back lmao omg that would be sooo kool should we do it? yes!!!!! cool lol u got good ideas thnks lol i sooo much wanna get back at him if i thought you could get away with it i would terll you to pee on his bed lmao what would happen to you if something happened to your dad? i woudl prolly live with gram how old is she? she is like in her late 50s does she do much? oh yeah would it be easy for you to sneak out on her? oh yah too bad you don't live with her i wish i could my dad hates me sumtimes but i think he luvs me but he mite lemme go live with her would she let you do what you want? prolly maybe you could ask him well yah especially if him and his gf get married do you think that will happen? idk but he has seen her for longer then any others maybe she has a tight pussy lmao idk? and i sure wouldnt wanna see i know i would like to see yours wat r u doin tonite? u gonna do ur role playin stuff? u will since i can't see you yeah well i hope u have fun :) i wold have more fun if i was fuckig your pussy with becca taping it lol wel li will ask her she can join if she wants u know i know she likes doin stuff with her bf how old is her bf? but we never talked about otehr stuff he is like 15 or 16 he dont drive yet maybe she would like to try with someone that knows stuff yah she mite if her bf didnt find out iw ill try to talk to her about it i bet he would like her to learn to give a better blow job well thats true i culd show her yah as long as you didn't mind i could teach you and your friends lots of stuff their young bf couldn't well i dont think i will mind becca as long as you know the most i could do is lieke them but love you well as u didnt luv them how old is your youngest friend? 12 lissa is is she a virgin? yah she aint even had no bfs yet have you seen her naked? no i was gonna ask if you knew if she had hair yet lol no idk she is shy is she cute? she is real prtty she is on my prof i hate my dad me too ok i see her do you think she would like to met a boy? she has a crush ont his one guy maybe we should help her from being shy how would we do that? invite her over sometime when dad is gone, and let her have a drink idk if she would tell tho too bad she isn't trust worthy yah i would be afraid she mite tell would ash tell? i dont think she would but she is shy would you like to help her shyness? well it would be kool so they only 2 we can trust is becca and ash then yah prtty much i am sure i could teach all 3 of you lots of stuff well i bet u could but ash is a lil shy of her weight how much does she wiegh? im not sure , she is chubby do you think she would like to see a dick? yah i think so cauz boys dont like her that much would you mind if i made her feel good? as long as i don't love her as much as i do you? yah it would make me feel rlly bad then i wouldn't do it if u luvved her i wouldn't love her okay i love you but i think it would be nice to show her that she is special and deserves to be happy she does feel bad about herself alot i bet she wouldn't if she knew that guys could pay attention to her well thats true do yo uhave myspace? no do u? yes cam o see it? when i come see you want to start a myspace account? yah!! can i see ur myspace? sure thing baby kool Check this out: http://profile.myspace.com/index.cfm?fuseaction=user.viewprofile=110385953 wow! that looks awesum thanks im gonna bookmark and check it out when we r done talkin i wold put you as my #1 friend if you had an account u r so sweet myspace just looks so hard i'll help you make it kool im so excited bout seein u come here me too i'll even take some pics you can put on your myspace kool!!! too bad you can't call me right now i wish i could i miss u soo much i miss you i wish we could get you away form your dad and with your grandma so i could steal you for a few hours oh i would luv that so much ne time with u would be so wonderful hey ima gonna go for now i need a shower and wanna bug him a lil bit want me to help you with the shower? lol yah ttyl? i hope me too k luv u love you sexy 13 year old girli cya later bye baby wb Hey!! take your shower already? yah but guess what what? they are goin out for how long? all evening like they r gonna go eat and they ae goin to a party when are they leaving? at 4 plz say u willcome well i won't be able to stay all night its ok omg!! i cant belive it!!! would 4-7 be fine? yah!!! i dont care how long u stay just as long as u come give me your address then 1112 heather walters u r coming? yes yah!!! oh man want me to bring my camera? yeah invite becca over ok u sure u just dont want to be me? we need her to take pics ok i will try to get her if not that ok too tell me wat u want me to wear k? your shortest skirt and no panties ok :D your thigh highs would be perfect k no bra i aint got no thigh highs tho :( knee highs? yah got them then those can u wear those unders? do you have a button up shirt? ok yah can i get your number so i can call you when i getinto town? if your dad answers it i will hang up im so excited hang on wat color is ur car? green k i will give u number but he will forward them can i just call u like about 3:30? darn ok tx hes a pain lets do it in his bed tonite k? ok oh scott im so excited its like a dream me too 13 year old girl do you want me to wear a condom or just pull out and cum on you? well can you bring condoms? just in case? ok u gonna bring the wine? not this time baby, cuz i will have to drive back ok how bout the muscle relaer things? for becca? i will see if i can get them kool i could bring the alcohol for you and becca if you want ok that would be kool mite be able to talk to becca better if they leave early i will call u ok? ok im sooo happy!! me too i luv u sooo much!!! this is like a fantasy come true oh for me too! i cant believe sumeone as kool as u likes me im so lucky i am the lucky one that you love me oh i do so much if i am quiet for a minut its cuz i am mapquesting your house okay i understand we got a brick house how many stories one ok there is a big field across from my house u r so hot i like it when u gotta lil shadow lol u look good omg! im still pinchin myself are you dressed? no lol i gotta robe on and underz what kind of panties? they are pink bikinis yummy :D u gonna wear those one underz? the velcorve ones? yah :"> i shouldnt ask sure kool hey ima gonna get off here and see if can get becca ok? and get ready ok i wanna do my hair nstuff i'll see you soon i will call u bout 3:30? want me to shave? nooo i like how u look ttyl? or um see u later? yay!! how about fuck you later yah!!! :D k im gonna c if i can find becca and will call u at 3:30 k? ok baby, ill be on the road then okay luv u!! so much!! me too baby bye bye*+*17:33*+*2*+*[0.47976456853779553, 0.5202354314622045]*+*1*+*